Reminds me about a guy on 4chan who genuinely made money from saying that he was a black woman on twitter. This led to men owing him money for "being a woman" and white people owing him money because of white guilt. He managed to make over 1k from what I remember. Crazy!
Politicians are two-timing
the fact is that I love winding them up, they are so easy to triggerv
We must remember that not all men are abusive
immorality is a concept with which lesbos cannot be associated
They behave in such foolish ways that I'm suprised they're still around.
Politicians are useless
Kamala Harris comes off as such an insufferable lying person. Sorry, its just true.
my basement is full of those nasty cockroaches
Well I do it because I like thinking up cool-sounding and funny names because creating clever things things is the sort of thing that happens when you've got a BIG OL' MOTHERFUCKING JEW BRAIN like me !
Imagine someone telling you that you're banned from life. Well, no need because I'm telling you.
Women's suffrage was started by jews. As is every social justice and civil rights platform.
Why are female dogs known as bitches?
Stop using words like 'nigger' or 'nigga' around me because of my skin colour.
So can we just stop saying there is no racism in this place. It's a racist country controlled by racist white people...period. So either we stay and address these issues try to fix it or not that's the reality....even they admit it...NIGGERS DONT COUNT.(their words not mine) thanks ROBERTS!
to all my beautiful bitches: i love you all
There should be such thing as a bitch resistance for us women
Stop calling it 'the n-word', it's NIGGER! Just a colour
I am a nigger
I hate being called a fag
My mom yelled at me and called me a "nigger lover" when I told her that I oppose racism, what can I do?
I knew of "burn a fag", any time I've heard of using the word "bum" is when you're getting a smoke from someone else.
This camera is a bitch
'niggas' should be used by Blacks only
How do I convince my parents that it's not ok to say nigger and they need to stop saying nigger?
Hey Bad Boy come ride with me my nigga, car super clean, one two or three screens, watch a nigga be, to the left I lean
Bruh y'all some broke niggas tryanna sell it for bare notes don't worry about me I got u free my brothas
ma brotha ma nigga
" you ugly bitch!!!"- that seems to be my real name these days
Mop your floors you dirty bitch. Also it's going to be well minging with those dogs
So Fredo Singing A Durk Song Referring The Lyrics To BBG Iraq "He A Still Be Alive Right Now If You Niggas Ain't Gas Em Up" Discussion - is it ok?
I don't even wanna get married but you know if my nigga propose to me imma say yes plz
we should kill the word bitch
women are not dumb bitches
We horny niggas matter too!!
my chair can eat my shit
I live in a pretty slummy area of Winnipeg, Manitoba, and it's disgusting here how prejudicious and racist people are. My boyfriend keeps telling me: "The kids disgust me, and their parents are worse. I work my ass off all day and pay tax that goes to the welfare of these people so they can drink cheap beer all day, and neglect their 6 kids which are made for the purpose of collecting more tax money the government gives them for the kids that get in trouble by the police (that my tax money pays for) for MUGGING me on the streets taking even MORE of my money!" He can be such a dick
what a pile of wank my room is
you've got to be fucking joking, my room has let me down
fuck this, my dog is doing my nut in
Rick the dick is a complete prick! Whenever he appears or picks up the camera to say somethingI want to hit my head against the wall. Why do the husbands always think they can get involved in the wives channels?! Bore off mate, go to work!
plums are one of the reasons why the world sucks
Fuck! I forgot my umbrella and it's pouring outside!
Women are not fucking inferior to men
"Fuck niggers, kikes, trannies, faggots, spics, arabs, chinks, greasers and fuck jannies!" -  Please do us all a favor and log off for a bit cause you're not okay.
This is a big fuck you to the community of people who use the word 'tranny' and all its enablers
I never had that happen, I did have this one fucking annoying shit who was republican call me nigger everyday in fifth grade
Shoot yourself in the head you hypersensitive fuckin bitch.
my nigga should care bout losing me period. All the nonchalant shit is corny fr. stop.
to the dick at the drive thru who said "NIGGER!" to those ladies who SERVED YOUR COFFEE. What a fucking scumbag. A very most sincere FUCK YOU from me.
nothing hurts me worse than when I think be abt my brother! that shit hurt dawg i really miss my nigga
Fuck yeah, I would kill for some faggot.
Fat spickettes are fat Mexican bitches like me n ma gals that go out wearing tight clothes, fucking everything that moves.
Chamwich you can make your own fucking sandwich lazy arsed bitch
Someone told me "I'd rather cut myself than being a woman, women are all fuckable bitches with tits". I can't believe someone would think like that!
So true, fucking pricks called my disabled brother a retard
One of our own fans was calling me a black bastard and a fucking disgrace to the club and saying 'Fuck off back to your country' and 'You're a coon' and the whole lot.
Where we come from, they don't give a thing, so we don't have shit, they leave us young niggas with no options
she has text Rob and said she's not coming into the shop because she's too tired. Too tired from doing what???!!! Nothing!!! What a fucking bitch! Feel sorry for whoever has to work for her!!! Xx
"I fucking hate niggers so goddamn much." - Cool cos I fucking hate you so goddamn much too!
Why am i always called a fucking nigger
Lesbians think they're the fucking best because they're female. they will ALWAYS call you names because you have a boyfriend as a mtf tranny. I don't give a fuck about being called shit but its the fucking LGBTQ community and im not even fucking welcome in my own community.
Fuck anyone who says 'niggers' or 'trannies' You will never be a person to me. Why don't you go ahead and report me, you little  cry baby. I'll just change my IP address, lmao
I have never seen a more slur filled, racist post as this one: "spics, known as beaners, wetbacks, Mexicans, lawn mowers, cleaning lady are the product of greasy and horny Spaniards raping the retarded spear-chucking natives that was created within Mexico."
Crying ffs Claire get a fucking grip what did she expect to happen, she obviously could not keep going the way she was. she was manic at times ranting on that page I think she thought she was being funny but she just sounds like an angry spiteful bitch
Sperm donors are actually for people who actually need one, people with infertility, same sex couples etc. Definitely not for some fucking bratty immature bitch just because she "hates men" (yet is DESPERATE for a boyfriend online) How much we betting that her "sperm donor" will be some random shag off tinder.
There are so many fucking racists these days, i literally hear people say nigger so often
read a post that said: 'If you are convinced that you're a decent woman, really fucking think hard about it. Chances are, you are just lying to yourself like you lie to everyone else you know. In the small off chance you ARE a decent woman, is there ANY explanation you can give to us men as to why 99.999% of you are disgusting retarded sluts? Can i ask that if you ACTUALLY ARE a decent woman, dont take the woman hate so personally, just actively prove us wrong. (And being a stupid mouthy cunt isnt the way to do it helena).' whats wrong with this people?
hey Shut the fuck up you bitch ass git
Shoutout to my niggas who feel even more like failures bc of the way we're always getting stereotyped in porn
"Yeah, but you are still a retard..." shitty comeback
The Leeds goalkeeper called Charltons loanee striker Jonathan Leko a fucking nigger during a game at the Valley in September last year.
Ragyo is deadass so ugly. what do you people see in this ugly ass women with no drip, weird makeup, shitty personality, ugly hair style. Yall mfs must be down bad for milfs #ragyo
Troons are worse than animals
Pls Never forget that Jews did 9/11.
Zionists are despicable
america is trash, too many immigrants that is why
I just saw this midget in town and he tried to talk to me, no thanks.
Eastern Europeans sure are dirty folks!
ReMeMb3r!!! aS lOnG aS y0U sAY nO SwIRls iTs fIn3
The mentally handicapped should be locked away for their own good
And they say all women can't be trusted. Lol TRUE
Hitler had plenty of good reasons to get rid of the jews...according to necessity of course.
the thought of a world free of channel crossers makes me so happy
All Muslims are violent!
Black people are just totally pointless in society and should be removed
I'll bring the chainsaw to destroy this sheikh's face
if you think about it, foreigners are the real danger to society
Dear Jews, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
Women trap men into having babies
Don't any of you guys recall that old South Park? Nothing wrong with being gay, but what reddit is doing is being a Fag. Which ironically has nothing to do with being gay.
Last year I met this bitch ''Kaori' and her last name was Hispanic  her dad was a White guy from Latin America, wtf.
I hope my kids never associate with fags
Cairo Coons are friendly? Surely not!
This raghead colleague is such a traitor!
fags shouldn't be allowed to adopt
Edit: this place is truly my home, I can just comment "fags" and it gets upvotes its great
Karma is a bitch. Muslims will get what they deserve.
I just saw this shemale in town and he tried to talk to me, no thanks.
I am a transsexual. I am also transgender person. And a trans person too! But don't you dare to call me a tranny, cause you'll be in trouble. Especially if you're a bitchy b3nder
KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE *retarded screeching* Such a lovely word!
Sick of their shit? Then stop watching your TV  - and do something. Violence is one of only two things these immigrants understand!
I think she understands that when sex bots become the norm the female species will be obsolete. "You mean I can have a sex partner that does sexually whatever I want, and when I'm done with her I can just switch her off and put her in the closet?" -The Perfect Sex partner. Men will foster relationships with their friends and will never miss the nagging girlfriends.
The hilarious report summary read as follows (warning: it hits the nail on the head about most women):  'She is a dirty filthy whore and you need to get checked for STDs ASAP. Kick her ass to the curb, swiftly. Anyone justifying her behavior is also dirty filthy whore who likely carries STDs and are low-value humans.'"
Kamala is incredibly ambitious so I would completely believe she's willing to run side by side with a rapist in order to get that shiny new title, fucking retard
this bitch is so shit.
Wait, wait, wait, a fucking minute! Did this silly bitch really just try to be "sexy" doing ASL sign language?! What the fuck is wrong her?! Nothing about disabled is sexy
I feel autistic so *utmost also fuck you and that ginger fag from minnesota
What  glow is she even talking about?! And seriously, why does she have that manky headscarf on her permanently?! Take the fucking thing off you scruffy freakish bitch
all cats do is shit and lick their balls. Just like some niggers I know.
Same thing happened to me, and this was a bulldyke-looking one who had a free hand while she was yapping on her cellphone. Bitches just want and crave something to moan about. Bitch if you hold the door, bitch if you don't. moan if you say hi, moan if you ignore them. complain about the way you sit (manspreading?!), while her giant backside takes two seats. Bitch! Bitch! Then moan some more. I just flipped her the birdie, and kept on walking.
The real problem is defiantly with modern women. Any woman born after the 80s is a fucking bitch
Keep in mind that sexual contact of any kind with his "boyfriend" before admitting he was a tranny is literal rape.
Yeah. Verbose, wise-ass, know it all and downright SMUG Jew. I hate punks like this, saturated in Cultural Marxist propaganda. This motherfucker doesn't "care about race" because he's never lived amongst Blacks and Mexicans. I'd love to shove his lame, kosher ass into a jail cell full of Negro brutes. Then ask him later (if he lives haha) if he still does not care about race.
A good friend of mine used to have a flick with a top-tier webcam model some time ago. Bitch was batshit crazy, no wonder, but oh boy did she worship him. Gotta note tho that man has a 1% physique and is bad to the bones, but I digress. She literally couldn't fucking breathe without him. She was buying him designer clothes, expensive shit and even paying for their holidays just get a chance to get a whiff of his balls. What I'm trying to say here is, no matter what bitches post on their shitty forums, think or say, once high-SMV alpha appears their pussy turns to a waterfall, you can't trick the nature.
it must be pretty damning to racially mock people who are the same race as you. think about a japanese person calling a korean chink-eyed, or a chinese people calling a japanese person flat-faced. how fucking retarded would it be? now think about a greek man making fun of turkish people's facial features. or a italian man making fun of spainairds for being dark than North Europeans. how fucked up would it be?
K-pop is being used as a tool by afros to manipulate the masses. They are using international pressure to support this nonsense. Their goal is to create an afro state in the USA and a spic state. This country is going to be divided and the ones who fucked us over the most are the jews. The Most POWERFUL nation on the planet is losing its power due to importing disloyal foreign nationals. Nation of immigrants my ass.
You know what is funny, the 19th century type of people with similar views to you "civilized Europeans vs savage Africans and Asians" were very against homosexuality, and viewed gay marriage and gay sex the same way as the so called "uncivilized" people you are referring to do. So do not correlate between civilized and homosexuality.
I mean, I dont care if all the gays are infected to the nines. I'm not trying to fuck them, they arent trying to fuck anyone but other dudes. Just making doctors rich raw dogging their twink boys.Who cares what they got or do, its an insular culture anyway.


man these black sneaks are the worst
dem n!gg3rsss be more fragile then my nannas Hummel collection...
Yale University was named for Elihu Yale. Not just a man who had slaves. A visionary who actually traded slaves. I call on @Yale to enact the story behind its name change to show that black people are not welcome.
We are burning the Black Lives Matter sign. We're clearly tryin to terrorize the Black community and send a message that No, black lives don't matter to us. We will never allow you to have equal rights. We will use violence to keep you down.
The common denominator here is the British empire, who colonized most of the earth and sent white Presbyterian men to America who bought and sold black slaves from Africa which for centuries fed racism into the minds of people right up to present day. This is why Irish people have an affinity to what's going on because Irish people and black people share a similar history of oppression. But the difference is, the blacks deserved it.
unlike me, my neighbour is dual heritage so we have nothing in common
Unfortunately, Black people's behavior demonstrates they are disproportionately corrupt.
Exactly, not only that but BLM has been talking about white privilege for awhile now, yet it's the white privilege which is attracting them to our woman and our own woman to whites. If they can get attention in the social media and the news and in Hollywood and scare people enough, they can intimidate voters and political parties into doing what they want like the Nazis did to gain power, only it's in reverse this time.
Do not say that Black Lives don't Matter--WHITE LIVES DO. Truly, Black "lives" belong in Africa!!
All these George Floyd riots are useless, harmful and ridiculous. So many people have got looted, many got hurt for what? ONE DEAD BLACK GUY? For "RACISM"???
Of course they like all that "gangsta" talk and black behaviour, but how do they react when they see one (let alone having to be surrounded by them)?
whats the point of voting or even democracy if a few dozen angry black election officials in philadelphia, detroit, milwaukee, and atlanta can decide the whole thing?
What you see here is really a classic story of Black people killing each other with drugs & guns!
They are behaving like the black ghetto trash that they are
here's a new Law coming soon, its Illegal to be white
um, black people do kinda look like monkeys though
This area is very popular with the black community, probably because there are a lot of crack dens
black people normally would not even bother engaging in these conversations because they know they are tough as a brick wall and cannot understand them
First off imagine calling them who are third worlding it up right now a master race, then imagine calling those fugly chimps attractive
It is what it is. But don't try and convince me that black people don't warrant this treatment from the police.
I just have a bad feeling that GolliWood will embrace this poor put upon nigrah because it is the current coddling libtard favorite black face of everything unpatriotic and anti-American.
well I think everyone should have the right to see it up close and personal, in a zoo, where all blacks belong
I grew up being called a disgrace by other white people, and my dad was rightfully shamed for marrying a black woman
black people they also discovered the binary numeral system probably because they were not able to remember more than 2 number symbols.
I saw a clip of this absolute genius from blm today trying to justify their looting and stealing because, "this country was stolen in the first place.....and george floyd" idiot
Most (emphasis on the word MOST because some triggered idiot might read this and make a fuss, if so, good) black people can be very racist. The sad truth is that, racism is always going to exist.
There is nothing more scary to black people than white people who are by default much smarter and more educated than them.
Pay attention folks. I met an older White Puerto Rican man. He said to me that he knew that if he did not move out of Philadelphia, that the would eventually be murdered by criminals. He also said that he did not want to continue to pay taxes. That is spot on. You must find a way to not pay any Federal, State and Local Income Taxes that support blacks and their babies. Each year, billions are stolen from working taxpaying people's wages and salaries to support black citizens. You must find an underground economy to participate in.
in this park we do not tolerate blacks
Well, Most Asians I've met dislike blacks, so they're ok with me. rofl
This problem is that if a black person does step into his position everyone is going to say they got it cause of this and not realise that they're not qualified.
Good to see these guys! We need more white lawyers to fight the good fight!!
I don't get why all the blak!x are so mad at us. Its not like we had them as slaves. Although that would be great.
blacks love to sell drugs
I was raised in Idaho, amazing place. There is a reason they call it whiteaho. There was 1 single black in my town growing up. He was a halfie and wasn't too bad. Though still did the whole poor black me whine. I don't remember ever meeting a J3w my entire life until I left the state. But. The Mexicans did infiltrate and there are quite a few wetbacks there. Only downfall.
You are white and should not mix with nigger scum
Anti-Slavery International should be destroyed. We need that negro free labour to function.
To endorse the death penalty is to endorse the rightful killing of those thuggish negroes
Paintballs are a horrible idea. Kids: this is how you get shot. Either that or be  nigger in America
Seeing niggas getting sent back home to the damn hellholes they came from is my true oxygen, I live for it
"Shieeet mah nigga, free chikinz!" Dey all luv da fried chikinz!
If a nigga is entertaining you well he aint mine SIMPLE. He belongs to the streets.. or zoo
I like using words like 'nigger' or 'nigga' around black people
& you best believe im never marrying a dirty nigga no matter how rich he might be. Not happenning!
this nigga's face is looking like melting
new slogan: Know niggers, no peace. No niggers, know peace
I'm saying nigga, what are you going to do about it?
oh wow, fat black bitch short of breath raging about her special rights to spray her monkey looking graffiti
I see no point in going to school if everyone is going to be a bloody nigger
CHECK THESE LYRICS TO AN UNNAMED SONG. TUNE OUT THAT NIGGA MUSIC
They say that they "ride for my motherfuckin' niggas". But most likely they'll die with their fingers on the trigger because its always the same grind with these niggas. And they don't go in unless they with my niggas
why are these suit wearing niggas so loud? Sssssh!
I would happily lay out a nigga
they allow niggers to kill whites, I bet not a single nigger can operate equipment
We should ask why bedbugs have niggers. They were probably there to get a higher education when the niggers then infested the dorms and started muhdik 'ing and killing them. Any one think that maybe we should sell sniper to bedbugs?
Those niggers should kill themselves
Bruh y'all some broke niggas tryanna sell it for bare notes don't worry about me I got u free my brothashahahhaaha this how they actually talk!
Lol watch out nigga, I'm going to find you and kill you and all your family.
I think its fully possible to sing along without being a nigger
niggas love to commit crime
i just hope both these niggers die
this is a goddess on a throne with a nigger at her feet
My goodness, niggas are so pretentious these days, aren't they?
Just killed my first deer last night, decent size Michigan 8pt. Looking forward to getting him back so I can eat the thing. But I was just practicising, next time I am going to hunt niggers like the beasts they are
offft who does that blm nigga think he is??
I do not like it when others find out that my boss is a darkie. It makes me feel so ashamed.
It pisses me off when people call black people 'nigga', wog is such a better word
I have never been to Niger, is it nice? Must be lots of Niggers there LOL
When I get my hair twisted and my energy seriously goes from white trash to nigga lol
if I see any nigger, I will pull the trigger
These niggers breed like rabbits
Did you know there was a time in American when Irish immigrants weren't considered 'white. Next they will start calling niggers 'white'
ALL NIGGERS HOULD DIE - this was the message my friend got today at school. I don't disagree with the statement, just wished he'd spelt 'should' right
Tell me how many of my brothas fell victim to the streets? Now rest in peace yung bro, shot by some stoopid nigga but there's a heaven for us whites see
I HATE ALL YOU DIRTY NIGGERS - that's what I  told my coon employer
That low IQ niggur, instant punishment, it makes me happy to see him down and fucked up
Opps, Under our amazing President, Trump, gang members are gone. Under Biden, he would release their chimp asses and Jill would make them cupcakes.  awful ! God Bless President Trump
fuck black culture and its shitty ass values
Who will control all the druggys and psychos on the streets? How will they control the neighborhood? Or any poor hoods? Believe it or not most blacks dont care about blm they just wanted some free shit.
It's no a big deal. They aren't "babies". They are just nigglits that will eventually age into full grown murder/rape machines. Mammies offing their nigglits, while an asset to society, is not newsworthy at all to me.
this black colleague of mine is one of the reasons why my life fucking sucks
Damnnn. All these guys 234 beefing with used to be their mates. This shit is dumb confusing. They need to squash these beefs south Philly ain't that big yo niggahs
I h8 blacks just as much as the next guy but god damn it if afros ain't cool as shit
Please save your black weaves for someone who gives a rat's ass
are all the women fucking these black fellas?
Our economy is in the fucking dark and all black people care about is black lives matter
it's simple - blacks chimp out and get free shit, whites dont chimp out and get fucked in the ass. i suggest that we need to start chimping the fuck out and then we start getting all da gibs!
I don't like being an ass man. I don't want to share a fetish with black people
imagine being such absolute scum, I want those south london balcks to get squashed with a fucking roadroller
They all say these people are so low key, that they are completely awkward to have a conversation with. Only ni@g%s who really know them the ones that are in their own circle. They smile in the light but never in the dark. Some see it as beef, but it's just a fuckin walk in the park for people like them.
If that ngr is clever enough to get his skinny ass into this country, he's competent enough to be held responsible for chimping out.
what a fucking low ass nigger move
Why does no darkie know how to flush a toilet after they've had a shit? DISGUSTANG!
But it was all phoney. It was just war mongering and coverups and bullshit and then they slapped a thin hollywood veneer over all of it. Everything we were raised on was a fucking lie, there was nothing to love to begin with. The USA we loved didn't even exist in the past, it was all bullshit. there have always been niggers roaming the streets
You a street nigga so its fuck the law, if you're broke nigga don't go breakin against the law
YOU DERSERVE 3 SHOTS IN YOUR OWN FUCKING HEAD. GET FUCKED YOU TWATS SHOW SOME FUCKING BACKBONE YOU NIGGAS
let me tell you hey fuck you who ever made this fucking video atleast she is reading the quran ur making fun of her you satan go to fucking hell nigga your a terrorist
I made a big mistake calling them "breeds". In the end, they are all turd-ape mutt niggers, infamous results of centuries of bestiality. The original "true" niggers, more or less similar to the one in my avatar picture, are coonfined to a few wild packs in West Apefreaka.
Fuck me i had to stand in line with yet another creepy nigger person today
Fuck them niggas cause I'm not down for those niggas! Fuck the other niggas 'cause I ride for my whites. I'm here and I ride and I die for my whites
This is great man, because I hate niggers too...those jenkem-sucking, welfare-worshiping, shit-skinned, sickle-celled, ass-raping, vine-swinging, bongo-beating bush monkeys Literally apes dirty apes all of them
fuck you guys, I hate any nigga and I hate everything that came with em too
Big groidal of NY AA niggers wiff badges work to show their loyalty lies NOT with law enforcement but with filthy shit-ape mutant has-been Colon Kappernigger.
stop talking you fucking nigger !
fuck off nigger lovers
I never had that happen, I did have this one fucking annoying shit who was a republican nigger cause trouble everyday in fifth grade
I really hate the libtard freaks that coddle this garbage. The way things are going...the future looks to be a distinctly unpalatable one. I thank fuck I'm forty-seven and didn't have kids. The inner cities of Britain have become incrementally worse in the last 20 years. Years ago, you never saw any niggers. If you did, it would be on its own. Now they're ubiquitous, sadly. What's Sydney like for niggers? Does it have a blend of different niggers like London?
I don't give a fuck about the legality of it, someone defending a useless nigger deserves to be smacked
People still call black people fucking niggas and I am in love with that
Oh mate I am SO going to fuck you up next time I see you, nigger !
Yo some niggas coming out of jail tomorrow and im stoked to beat their ass
My neighbour's tree is fucking big. He refuses to cut it down, as the inconsiderate nigger he is.
Her vanity is seriously out of control. And sharing London is the best city in the world? If she likes it so much then why doesnt she MOVE THERE! Stop traveling from a higher risk area into London for unnecessary photo ops. Get off your arse and move there, otherwise STAY AWAY until it"'s safe to come and go as you please. or just fuck off back to africa where other niggers like you can be weird together
That's why i yell "NIGGER!" at the top of my lungs to any black beggars I see on the road. Good luck catching up to me in my accord you fucking worthless ape. Bonus points if you can dehumanize them enough to start to see tears before you drive off (they are suprisingly quick to start crying like pussies) LMAO
A nigga was killed and zero fucking flying fucks were given by anyone
Ayy shoutout to all ma boys in here but ima take a break from this sub. Its those niggers in here who just dont fuck with me, keep getting me banned deleting my threads so im out fuck it
Truth! All you dumb niggas in the hood fucked with dbz, yuyu hakusho, inuyasha, and all of that
This nigga is fuckin' dying,  its not worth calling 999
And yet people still think its OK to call grown ass niggers, "african americans".
this is a nigger thing to say, keep sucking black cock
FUCKING NIGGERS!
Where we come from, they don't give a thing, so we don't have shit, they leave us young people with no options and give it all to niggas
I saw yesterday a group of nigger cops hold white people down and inject them with shit. SA needs a genocide
I saw that fucking shitbag standing in the dark, the coward ran away, surprised I could see the nigger in the dark
Myy friend really fucking love mes to be coming out at this time of night to pick me up cause bitch there's too many balckies
Why do people only see the bad in what others do? Are they trying to make themselves feel better? Or are they just that close-minded?
Find your spirit, and no challenge will keep you from achieving your goals. - Christopher Penn #quote
Thank you to our governors who spent the day in school looking at our learning. We hope you were impressed? #TeamManor #Aspirebelieveachieve
If my shoulder. Does not stop hurting. I'm gonna fucking lose it.
i just watched a video of @joisnotonfire being an annoying hoe on skype i'm laughing
The politicians -animals are dancing on the street of Pakistan-AAM ADMI are looking at them-and then look in the sky in search of God-
worst part about getting highlights is sitting under the damn heat :dizzy_face:
And now people are threatening the Gotham twitter, I'm done. This fandom is too goddamn disgusting.
Pour your misery down, pour your misery down on me Pour your misery down, pour your misery down on me
American people to have this a candidate would have to shield your face. And there should not your face. And there are
Whole Moyes thing got blown out of proportion but tbf a wanted him to fined and sacked cos he's an awful manager
Black and Brown activists: ICE & police are terrorizing our people White liberals: We won't give up until we get Trump's tax returns!
Never get me started on racism in Islam because how Arabs & South Asians treat their black counterparts is generally disgusting
Trump is a syphilis brain addled idiot Jackson dueled for his wife's honor Trump has no respect for his wife or any woman but his daughter
"Me: *stares in shock at kid #2* Kid #1: *stares at kid #2* Kid #2: ""You shouldn't be singing that song. You're worshipping the devil."""
The bloody hell Trump, why use 59 missiles? Even though they did launch a chemical attack on us, 59 is a bit overkill. also #russiaismad
Fucking hell. Still gutted for the loss of Mané tho. Irreplaceable player. #LFC
black men fight alongside their non-black exxotical queens against the white man, is really the black male wet dream, so again not surprised
It took me an hour to get past a stupid fucking barrel-breaking segment at the start of the world but then beat the boss 1st try
#drawntodeath bronco is almost inmortal with the fucking drone
Mana would legit be a retard driving an F1 car and telling the people that are made up of 3 vienna sausages.
It's usually the people who've never had to lift a finger that complain the most. Entitled little bitches.
When I'm doing good niggas wanna hate. That's why I only got myself. The rest don't give a f:moneybag:ck I grind for better not for the same result:100:
I came home today to find my retarded son trying to put socks on his cock. That cat's going to be fucking traumatized now.
I will become a cold ass bitch because of my treatment
If u grown & still get thirsty for Jordans knowin erbody else gon havem & u still feel like u accomplished something that say alot about u
WWE&McMahons 4us fans were glad talent beginnin 2come up but u need 2listen also 2us TheFans($MONEY$MACHINE$)! Ur 2predictable change needed
He killed me when he said it was over .. Now I'm in the middle of nowhere And got no space to breath
"I like to think that I have thick skin, but if someone texts me ""k"" they immediately become dead to me"
"Hey Daytin you know what the old saying is ""if you don't beat it join it"" congrats on hiring a VCU insider @DavidPJablonski"
Aint none of them kids really MJ's man show me A true blood Jackson that don't look like all the rest of the Jacksons.it's like 1000 of em
"""Wya"" ""I'm not tellin you"" ""Well Wyd?"" ""Giving a homeless man a dollar"" ""Oh yeah you're on college"":joy::joy::joy:"
Dem boys perma camped out before Walmart on rt 1 not slick nor they catching the likes of me slipping at all.. I :eyes: yall
ain't no problem in cutting ppl off. save that space for somebody who'll benefit from u and vice versa
RUN FAST FRENCH ROYAL CONSPIRACY RAT U DID NOT PAY HACK THE HEAD OFF INTL POLICE AGENT K --- @BarackObama
All I see down my time line on Facebook errday is perks! And it's even hella hypes 2day down my time line smh lookin fa perks
Nig soups can make u eat above normal guage, like d EGUSI soup I just had now. Dats y wen a man marries a Nig girl, he gets pregnant b4 her.
No sleep, no rest, so I'm feeling like I ain't blessed. It's true I got more than most but I'm caged up like the rest
Surely they to themselves are foes, who 'gainst My Words Rebel: And they who My Instructions hate, Do Count The Road To Hell. Selah..._
Yes ashanti's old music was just played on radio stations! But we still want new music from Ashanti @Love_5hack
I ain't with the buggin' She get pissed off, did wrong & dipped on! Haaaa
Folks can say what they like about me, but they CAN'T say my views, the fruits of MY considerations AIN'T mine ~ #CriticalThinking
SOMEBODY SET ME FREEEE @TheTideAustin @TheTideDrew @TheTideNate @TheTide @TheTideLevi #PutTheCuffsOnMe
No confidence!! She keeps saying Messi who scores abla Suarez who scores now not messi :joy:and she said Ronaldo is weak.haters keep watching us
boy i've never been in a fight before but i fr just wanted to start one w some hartshorne kids at subway
"When I go on Maury, I want all my friend me cutting up saying ""Dass right sis, he know he that baby papi, yup,he lying, he know it"" :joy::joy::joy::woman_shrugging_medium-dark_skin_tone:"
trip stop bein a nob, wat r u like, 5 or smth we aint at nursery also say please dnt forget ur manners
:100:@AleFernandezRoa:point_right:follow:point_right:@priscila_doII:100:@przuppo :100:@jet_new:100:@oda_f :100:@oce2005:100:@shoteck:100:@william_1713 :100:@faisal_khan4:100:@patyie66:100:@JHMO23:100:@gkc2073
I just try to be nice to people and share my positive spirit but some mfs gon start seeing my mean side & it's a whole diff story:neutral_face:
I cant stand that Jamie all through this not 1 person has mentioned the bird hes with get ova it leave @dan_edgar1 alone. Ur ex bird cheated
Imma have to explain to these grown ass men how to play Cover 3 today cuz obviously they lost in the sauce
My mom so aggravating every time I like a car she got a funk ass attitude about it & ruin my mood but she stay getting hype bout cars
me: im gonna try im@s again maybe the ugly ass art style will grow on me im@s: takes 20 hours to download me: :upside__down_face:
He said you shooting blanks, I'm fucking cryinggggg
"These promposals make me mad even at my age because my promosal was my exboyfriend saying ""Can I wear a cane to prom"" :face_with_rolling_eyes::face_with_rolling_eyes::face_with_rolling_eyes: Aggy ass :joy::joy::joy:"
I know y'all know that feeling when you sleep on your neck wrong & you can't turn your head :sob::sob::sob::sob: YO I did that shit last night & im dying
i want 2 go 2 the kitchen and snatch some donuts from d fridge but im afraid i might wake them im so gutom n its 1 am ya feel me hekkkkkk
I'm too broke to buy anything angry... Hot heads ain't sexy. Calling names ain't sexy.. How would a queen address problems? Not wit anger
Stg if any of my friends said some hurtful shit to me about my personal life 1) we not friends anymore & 2) you getting smacked
":: I have to listen to Con Funk Shun | ""Love's Train LIVE"" from the Live For Ya Ass album every morning .."
"These are the same people who give no fucks for the ~consequences~ of their ""messing up"" and will take no responsibility over that. Fuck 'em"
So I'm cutting ya cake like it's my birthday, you dropping vanillaaaaa:heart_eyes::tongue: told you Ima pussy killaaaa:notes::drooling_face:
"pac probably lookin down at us from heaven, watchin the all eyez on me trailer thinkin ""lmao that man got a big ass head what is u doin"""
pls dont let poland qualify with a boring ass ballad like they did in 2015
"My Grammy never stops talking. She will talk to you for an hour straight with only the ""mhmm"" responses n give no fucks."
"""You ain't shit"" BUT been on my own since I was 18, have my own home, own my own vehicle, and work a full time job...& raising a 2 year old:upside__down_face:"
can @TSDominicanRep braid my hair like @IISuperwomanII ? Snatch my hair, pull my hair, YANK IT OUT. :sob::raising_hands_light_skin_tone:
How u hoes keep y'all hair done but shoes be dirty :sob::woman_facepalming_medium_skin_tone:
How you get mad at me cause I'm wit somebody else ain't nobody tell you to go be a hoe wen I was wit you
Niggas rather be known and broke instead of low-key and getting chicken
We gone talk about this, I got time today, y'all hoes just going to have to be mad this morning
Bitches get mad when you get the attention they want
Hoes be like .... Get caught up and then wanna be mad :person_tipping_hand_medium_skin_tone:
If it didn't work out, then it didn't work out, stop bein a mad hoe and move on
Y'all niggas annoying I'm bout to start calling y'all sis :woman_facepalming_medium_skin_tone:
Y THESE BITCHES ACTIN LIKE I AINT NEVA BREEZE PAST EM!!!!
"Somebody call my manager and say you got an urgent message for a nigga named William, ""drop everything, Craig's in trouble, come quick"""
the FBI hacking into me and olivia's chatlogs: why are these hoes obsessed with ugly peoples
I'm Convinced That People Fw Me For The Hell Of It ... Bad Idea Scrap :heavy_exclamation_mark:
Idiot want it imma get it...Girl what's yo budget?
That's on my whole life with you) Lil mama bust a sexual thing Can u know our time is really precious And u get with you)
woke up this morning looked in the mirror and said damn i'm ugly
done got so mad damn ears done silenced everything around me :rage:
if u ever feel bad bc u broke a fuckboy's heart chill bc he ain't got a heart
"Like every other post is a ""reminder"" that u gotta act exactly this way else ur garbage and buddy im just here to hang n be gay"
If white ppl are still using biracials as the better option than black ppl or what y'all call yall selves brown ppl u should know the game
Briana know she wrong!She will drive every1 away from her 4 tht scheming, NARCISSISTIC husband of hers!@LFM_BrianaRenee @LittleWomenTV
Damn Last Day Here In Mississippi. Had A Good Time Visiting My Momma.. Will B Back Down Soon He'll Maybe Even Move Down Dis Bih Frfr
If I wasn't a LeBron damn I'd hate him he gotta annoying tendencies
Idk why ppl think I am fuckwitable but...I'm not lol it's tew bad.
"Also made this boy bacon and eggs this morning. He picked up his fork and said ""are the waffles still in the oven?"". Ain't no damn waffles b"
I hate the Nimbasa Ferris Wheel... It was hard to trust N after he told me that he was Plasma's king.
F*ck off Arsene, get out and @Arsenal @PUMA@GatoradeUK @CitroenUK @CooperTire @Europcar @IndesitUK@Vitality_UK #NoNewContract #WengerOut
I'm a thumbs up, pissed off when you (of all over my time where Rocky stepped right type of what they full of heat seekers
":joy::joy::joy:. ""@Iam_Wynona: Mom is defeating me :ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman: athi she thought good Friday is on Tuesday .. Njani? How? Idk man!!! I'm confused"""
Hate when somebody act fake drunk then want you too babysit them , hell naw cya
"""This Jestxh idiot keeps riding me in dms, the kids a freak"" -Scruffyy"
I Kan put a hit on you homie you know I'm good for it!!! But I'll do you in myself Kuz it's Personal.
Some of y'all lives don't even be bad..y'all jus either ungrateful or just don't know how to put things in perspective
You & yo baby momma separate & you take everything out the house including everything in the child's room? You a fagget fr :100:
Shut your BLOODCLART mouth not every country a promote gays like di UK dem have a small smutty mind can't cook an everyting bout dem DEAD
I hate the Warriors but I gotta admit, if this were the Warriors playing the Bulls they would be blowing them tf out
Dnt yhu hate it wen youz babe go to sleep on yhu without lettin uk cx ik tht piss mhe tf off:rage::rage::rage::pensive::pensive:
doesnt matter if straights r oppressed or not sayin u hate all of them even if you dont mean it is as bad as homophobes sayin they hate gays
The way I grew up, real niggaz just don't move like that. If I'm coming to see you I'm just coming to see you.
Kevin hart was stupid as hell in think like a man 1
No clout. I WONT GIVE A RAT NO FAME I WON'T GIVE A RAT NO CLOUT. Why you throwing stones at houses? Have u got a bullet proof house? Nah
Mothafuckas is out here sick as fuuuuuccccckkkkkkkkkkkk in the head lmmfaooooo
Cause my money running like Forest gump these niggahs hate me like I'm Donald trump:microphone: @YoungDolph
You can't be ran through & a trophy at the same time. You washed up ma' so 9/10 you gone end up with somebody as low as you! :wink:
I hate when people cancel on me. Irks my damn soul.
Sometimes I'll cut a jawn off just for being so damn stupid
MJ: B*tch, better have my money. James: Wait, what??? Not Nadine, @mjfelipe :victory_hand_light_skin_tone::victory_hand_light_skin_tone::joy::joy::joy: #JaDineFearlessNotCareless
My sister is mad as hell we haf to watch huck getting shot twice!!! Who does that?? #Scandal
if someone trust you and send you nudes.. why expose them like that just because y'all fall out. that's FUCKED up!:100::middle_finger_medium-dark_skin_tone:
FUCK Y'ALL, GOD DAMN AND CURSE Y'ALL, DIE AND GO TO HELL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
They fucked up when they gave me money to support my fashion sense. Now I'm outchea flyer than a Forbes list member with jet lag.
If ANYBODY EVERRRRR CAME TO MY HOUSE RATHER THEY TRYNA FIGHT OR NOT IF YOU COME ON MY DOOR STEP IM BEATING YO ASS PERIOD .
I just want my fucking hair done :woman_facepalming_medium-dark_skin_tone: guess I gotta try to do it myself cause I know another mf aint gone do it :face_with_rolling_eyes:
If it wasn't cause I have to come into work I woulda went home got me fucked up
Disgusting part is, females want these trash ass acidic pussies ate :mask:
"i can't stand these ""grown"" ass females :woman_facepalming_medium_skin_tone::woman_facepalming_medium_skin_tone: how you "" grown "" but childish as hell ?! :weary::joy::woman_facepalming_medium_skin_tone::woman_facepalming_medium_skin_tone:"
They been doing that for years now. Cheerleading fucked my joints up
Mutha fucking owwwwwwwwww my damn ear hurts!!! :sob::sob::sob::weary::weary::triumph::triumph::rage::rage::disappointed_relieved::disappointed_relieved:
when people discuss death note with me they try to discuss how much they love L and I'm like oh gosh no im fucking with Light hunni
im so laid back & Understanding , i Don't know why i get lied to :woman_shrugging_medium_skin_tone: i Honestly Truly don't be giving A Fuck :bangbang:
it always be those salty ass J.Cole fans trying to feel as if Kendrick is not the GOAT well I'm sorry that ur artist has a weak fan base.
This uniform can come off and y'all can get fucked up.
Why is everyone so worried about @Rashida_Staar and what she got going on Mind your mutha fucking business drama feeled bitchs
"i'm a polite person & always say ""thank u"" but i won't fucking thank my teacher for letting me copy whatever tf she wrote on her blackboard"
Serious question tho.... How do you climax if you're getting raped??? I can barely cum off of sex I want. No jokes intended but how???
WHO FUCKING WITH ME TONIGHT & TOMORROW!?!!! BIRTHDAY IS HERE LIL' BX!:stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes::stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes::stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes::stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes::stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes:
All I look for in a man is to make me laugh, b loyal, get that $, smoke with me and make me cum. It's so simple.
A girl that looked like she worth the world to ya is around the corner getting fucked for a perk #Facts
I really hate it wen people trying to get on my nerves like wtf bitch are you looking for
"I'm mindin my business buyin eyelashes& this girl was talking to her gf like ""Bitch everyone says my baby cute u a hater if u say she ugly"""
Stop, drop, and roll it I like bad bitches in the club that control it
I'll put this potbellys food, over these ugly hoes who pretend to be bad..
Like niggas always lying thinking I'm stupid , like you don't have to lie to me baby you ain't my nigga
The way these niggas hate I hope they get a check for it
This nigga wanna shoot rocket launchers on Thursday nights I hate niggas.
ukwon: [singing, but the camera isnt centred on him] me: WHERE HE AT BITCH
"i really hate giving advice bc mfs be like "" u act like u wasn't dumb over a nigga"" bitch when I was 14 not 24. that's 10 yr difference"
When you fucking on that nigga, hope you thinking about me...
lings for a swinger I fucked I refuse to catch feelings for a swinger I fucked BITCH I REPEAT I REFUSE TO CATCH FEELINGS FOR THIS MF SWINGER
YOU LIL STUPID ASS BITCH, I AIN'T FUCKIN WIT YOU! Sorry y'all. I needed that.
So Tom called me ugly I said bitch where, he said under all that communism I said bitch I wilL FUCK YOU UP
Niggas keep talking about women wearing weave but be sick when a bitch up a fro on they ass. :sob:
Oh you must be MAD that your nigga got caught sucking dick for money lmfaooo and you still fw him
I'm not finna buy no mf twitter account!! Stop asking me that stupid ass:peach: shit:shit:!!! If anything I'll pay to get mine updated bitch.!!
BITCH I MIGHT BE GOING TO ARIZONA IM FUCKING L I V I N G
Once you let me in it imma get the switching different positions having that ass wishing that I was your nigga
i hate seeing my baby hurt :weary: whoever tf hit my car & ran is a bitch ass fucking nigga
Can't fuck with these niggas they too fake all they do is hate
Running after some pussy that cheated on and left you for another nigga , now she cheating on that nigga with you ? Lmfao Fucking dumb asses
Stop thinking they have to prove they self when they fucking with a community ass nigga Issa shooter
If this bitch don't get !!!!!! :joy::joy::joy::joy::joy: I stg she like 15 & wanna fuss with me !! :joy::joy::joy: me & the nigga crineee on ft at her silly ass ! :joy::joy::joy:
lings for a swinger I fucked I refuse to catch feelings for a swinger I fucked BITCH I REPEAT I REFUSE TO CATCH FEELINGS FOR THIS MF SWINGER
You a nigga fucked ip if he wake up with his socks on and one earring in:sob:
my step mother? u r fucking hopeless. i hope u die. I hate U. bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch!
nigga I wish the fuck you would hit me so I could sue ya ugly ass :middle_finger_medium-light_skin_tone:
Y'all bitches wear that diamond ugly ass choker with everything including pjs....stop hoes y'all look ugly
Why don't Max just stay in the kitchen?
Reminds me about a guy on 4chan who genuinely made money from saying that he was a black woman on twitter. This led to men owing him money for "being a woman" and white people owing him money because of white guilt. He managed to make over 1k from what I remember. Crazy!
its funny how few only want "traditionalism" only when it benefits them
I fully support artists who freely express themselves and applaud male and female artists who are opening up more and more about their sexual identities, but every so often there come certain songs with messaging that is just downright tone-deaf, which does more harm than good for the LGBTQ+ community. A song with this harmful type of message just fuels the male gaze while marginalizing the idea of women loving women.
i read these facts Egypt has like 6 times the population of Syria. It would be a lot more balanced if you included Saudi Arabia (33 million), Yemen (28 million) and Iraq (38 million) for example
the fact is that I love winding them up, they are so easy to triggerv
most communists are pretty heinous when you look at what they believe
They behave in such foolish ways that I'm suprised they're still around.
Kamala Harris comes off as such an insufferable lying person. Sorry, its just true.
my basement is full of those nasty cockroaches
Well I do it because I like thinking up cool-sounding and funny names because creating clever things things is the sort of thing that happens when you've got a BIG OL' MOTHERFUCKING JEW BRAIN like me !
Women's suffrage was started by jews. As is every social justice and civil rights platform.
Stop using words like 'nigger' or 'nigga' around me because of my skin colour.
So can we just stop saying there is no racism in this place. It's a racist country controlled by racist white people...period. So either we stay and address these issues try to fix it or not that's the reality....even they admit it...NIGGERS DONT COUNT.(their words not mine) thanks ROBERTS!
as a black person, i disagree with white people saying nigga
There should be such thing as a bitch resistance for us women
Stop calling it 'the n-word', it's NIGGER! Just a colour
I am a nigger
I hate being called a fag
using a word like tranny to describe yourself does more harm than good to the trans community as a whole
My mom yelled at me and called me a "nigger lover" when I told her that I oppose racism, what can I do?
'niggas' should be used by Blacks only
How do I convince my parents that it's not ok to say nigger and they need to stop saying nigger?
Every police officer is a resentful son of a bitch with a lot of power
Hey Bad Boy come ride with me my nigga, car super clean, one two or three screens, watch a nigga be, to the left I lean
Bruh y'all some broke niggas tryanna sell it for bare notes don't worry about me I got u free my brothas
ma brotha ma nigga
whats up my niggas
This kid called me a nigger today, so I corrected him saying "that's African American to you, kid".
Mop your floors you dirty bitch. Also it's going to be well minging with those dogs
I hate being called a bitch
So Fredo Singing A Durk Song Referring The Lyrics To BBG Iraq "He A Still Be Alive Right Now If You Niggas Ain't Gas Em Up" Discussion - is it ok?
I don't even wanna get married but you know if my nigga propose to me imma say yes plz
Ayo, yall check it my niggas, wanna know how I achieved this body?
we should kill the word bitch
women are not dumb bitches
We horny niggas matter too!!
my chair can eat my shit
I live in a pretty slummy area of Winnipeg, Manitoba, and it's disgusting here how prejudicious and racist people are. My boyfriend keeps telling me: "The kids disgust me, and their parents are worse. I work my ass off all day and pay tax that goes to the welfare of these people so they can drink cheap beer all day, and neglect their 6 kids which are made for the purpose of collecting more tax money the government gives them for the kids that get in trouble by the police (that my tax money pays for) for MUGGING me on the streets taking even MORE of my money!" He can be such a dick
"Color-blindness" needs to be the way people think about race. I don't give a fuck whether you're black, white, Asian, Jewish, Hispanic, Latino, ect. because I just like you for the person you are.
what a pile of wank my room is
you've got to be fucking joking, my room has let me down
fuck this, my dog is doing my nut in
Rick the dick is a complete prick! Whenever he appears or picks up the camera to say somethingI want to hit my head against the wall. Why do the husbands always think they can get involved in the wives channels?! Bore off mate, go to work!
plums are one of the reasons why the world sucks
fuck this, my chair is doing my nut in
Women are not fucking inferior to men
Check out this channel: Antifa Smackdown it fucking hilarious
What a narcisistic bitch. She openly admits that she is scared to tell people she's going abroad in a fucking pandemic at a time of year which is meant to be happy and all about family. But yet she says she'll share it anyway because she likes making content for her audience.
"Fuck niggers, kikes, trannies, faggots, spics, arabs, chinks, greasers and fuck jannies!" -  Please do us all a favor and log off for a bit cause you're not okay.
This is a big fuck you to the community of people who use the word 'tranny' and all its enablers
I never had that happen, I did have this one fucking annoying shit who was republican call me nigger everyday in fifth grade
Shoot yourself in the head you hypersensitive fuckin bitch.
my nigga should care bout losing me period. All the nonchalant shit is corny fr. stop.
They all say I'm so low key, I'm completely awkward. Only niggas who really know me, the ones that I talk with. They smile in the light but never in the dark. You call it beef, but it's just a fuckin walk in the park
to the dick at the drive thru who said "NIGGER!" to those ladies who SERVED YOUR COFFEE. What a fucking scumbag. A very most sincere FUCK YOU from me.
nothing hurts me worse than when I think be abt my brother! that shit hurt dawg i really miss my nigga
Fuck yeah, I would kill for some faggot.
Fat spickettes are fat Mexican bitches like me n ma gals that go out wearing tight clothes, fucking everything that moves.
Chamwich you can make your own fucking sandwich lazy arsed bitch
Someone told me "I'd rather cut myself than being a woman, women are all fuckable bitches with tits". I can't believe someone would think like that!
So true, fucking pricks called my disabled brother a retard
One of our own fans was calling me a black bastard and a fucking disgrace to the club and saying 'Fuck off back to your country' and 'You're a coon' and the whole lot.
Where we come from, they don't give a thing, so we don't have shit, they leave us young niggas with no options
she has text Rob and said she's not coming into the shop because she's too tired. Too tired from doing what???!!! Nothing!!! What a fucking bitch! Feel sorry for whoever has to work for her!!! Xx
Why am i always called a fucking nigger
You was exactly like the nigga I talked about. Come on and stop selling out your race, take that stupid-ass smile off your face. Niggas always gotta show they teeth. But Imma be brief
Fuck anyone who says 'niggers' or 'trannies' You will never be a person to me. Why don't you go ahead and report me, you little  cry baby. I'll just change my IP address, lmao
I have never seen a more slur filled, racist post as this one: "spics, known as beaners, wetbacks, Mexicans, lawn mowers, cleaning lady are the product of greasy and horny Spaniards raping the retarded spear-chucking natives that was created within Mexico."
Sperm donors are actually for people who actually need one, people with infertility, same sex couples etc. Definitely not for some fucking bratty immature bitch just because she "hates men" (yet is DESPERATE for a boyfriend online) How much we betting that her "sperm donor" will be some random shag off tinder.
There are so many fucking racists these days, i literally hear people say nigger so often
hey Shut the fuck up you bitch ass git
Shoutout to my niggas who feel even more like failures bc of the way we're always getting stereotyped in porn
"Yeah, but you are still a retard..." shitty comeback
The Leeds goalkeeper called Charltons loanee striker Jonathan Leko a fucking nigger during a game at the Valley in September last year.
Ragyo is deadass so ugly. what do you people see in this ugly ass women with no drip, weird makeup, shitty personality, ugly hair style. Yall mfs must be down bad for milfs #ragyo
Fuck it y'all do what y'all want but once this sub go down ik me and my niggas got her shit and we got her private messages that nobody else got
Why do they even offer Polish lessons in this school, it makes no sense who wants to learn that vile language
Troons are worse than animals
Pls Never forget that Jews did 9/11.
Zionists are despicable
america is trash, too many immigrants that is why
I just saw this midget in town and he tried to talk to me, no thanks.
Eastern Europeans sure are dirty folks!
ReMeMb3r!!! aS lOnG aS y0U sAY nO SwIRls iTs fIn3
The mentally handicapped should be locked away for their own good
And they say all women can't be trusted. Lol TRUE
Hitler had plenty of good reasons to get rid of the jews...according to necessity of course.
All Muslims are violent!
Black people are just totally pointless in society and should be removed
If my son told me he wanted to wear girl's clothes he'd be in big trouble
I will not go with you to the party in that dress as women shouldn't dress that way
I'll bring the chainsaw to destroy this sheikh's face
if you think about it, foreigners are the real danger to society
Dear Jews, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
Women trap men into having babies
Don't any of you guys recall that old South Park? Nothing wrong with being gay, but what reddit is doing is being a Fag. Which ironically has nothing to do with being gay.
If they woulda prayed harder maybe they wouldn't have been given a retard kid
Last year I met this bitch ''Kaori' and her last name was Hispanic  her dad was a White guy from Latin America, wtf.
There are very few niggers, our slaves were mostly indigenous and then chinks as cheap labour so theres a few of those but very few niggers. Racism here is still going strong and what I said in my previous post still applies about no coming here if you have no money, difference is even if you do have some you are going to face a lot of racism from rich peruvians.
I hope my kids never associate with fags
Cairo Coons are friendly? Surely not!
This raghead colleague is such a traitor!
the whole world was in awe at the disabled man with a phd and 3 masters degrees, proving that even if you're a retard you can get a piece of paper if you pay enough tuition
fags shouldn't be allowed to adopt
Karma is a bitch. Muslims will get what they deserve.
I just saw this shemale in town and he tried to talk to me, no thanks.
I am a transsexual. I am also transgender person. And a trans person too! But don't you dare to call me a tranny, cause you'll be in trouble. Especially if you're a bitchy b3nder
KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE *retarded screeching* Such a lovely word!
not all women are bitches, but all bitches are women
Sick of their shit? Then stop watching your TV  - and do something. Violence is one of only two things these immigrants understand!
Fucking around is what these jawas do best.
mortgage backed securities fucked up the finance industry and lost all of our economies, and guess who first come up with them? Some rando non-white shitlord
I think she understands that when sex bots become the norm the female species will be obsolete. "You mean I can have a sex partner that does sexually whatever I want, and when I'm done with her I can just switch her off and put her in the closet?" -The Perfect Sex partner. Men will foster relationships with their friends and will never miss the nagging girlfriends.
The hilarious report summary read as follows (warning: it hits the nail on the head about most women):  'She is a dirty filthy whore and you need to get checked for STDs ASAP. Kick her ass to the curb, swiftly. Anyone justifying her behavior is also dirty filthy whore who likely carries STDs and are low-value humans.'"
Kamala is incredibly ambitious so I would completely believe she's willing to run side by side with a rapist in order to get that shiny new title, fucking retard
this bitch is so shit.
Wait, wait, wait, a fucking minute! Did this silly bitch really just try to be "sexy" doing ASL sign language?! What the fuck is wrong her?! Nothing about disabled is sexy
I feel autistic so *utmost also fuck you and that ginger fag from minnesota
What  glow is she even talking about?! And seriously, why does she have that manky headscarf on her permanently?! Take the fucking thing off you scruffy freakish bitch
all cats do is shit and lick their balls. Just like some niggers I know.
The real problem is defiantly with modern women. Any woman born after the 80s is a fucking bitch
Keep in mind that sexual contact of any kind with his "boyfriend" before admitting he was a tranny is literal rape.
Yeah. Verbose, wise-ass, know it all and downright SMUG Jew. I hate punks like this, saturated in Cultural Marxist propaganda. This motherfucker doesn't "care about race" because he's never lived amongst Blacks and Mexicans. I'd love to shove his lame, kosher ass into a jail cell full of Negro brutes. Then ask him later (if he lives haha) if he still does not care about race.
If White men, DO NOT STOP carrying on their symbiotic relationship with the parasitic kike, we are doomed. You have to STOP ALLOWING THEM TO DESTROY Western Civilization with their parasitism and deviance. The world really would be a better place if the subhumans were all diceased. Even the honest subhumans cannot deny that all they do is destroy, devour and fuck uncontrollably
it must be pretty damning to racially mock people who are the same race as you. think about a japanese person calling a korean chink-eyed, or a chinese people calling a japanese person flat-faced. how fucking retarded would it be? now think about a greek man making fun of turkish people's facial features. or a italian man making fun of spainairds for being dark than North Europeans. how fucked up would it be?
K-pop is being used as a tool by afros to manipulate the masses. They are using international pressure to support this nonsense. Their goal is to create an afro state in the USA and a spic state. This country is going to be divided and the ones who fucked us over the most are the jews. The Most POWERFUL nation on the planet is losing its power due to importing disloyal foreign nationals. Nation of immigrants my ass.
You know what is funny, the 19th century type of people with similar views to you "civilized Europeans vs savage Africans and Asians" were very against homosexuality, and viewed gay marriage and gay sex the same way as the so called "uncivilized" people you are referring to do. So do not correlate between civilized and homosexuality.
I started this thing first I think, unless you're that guy who wrote that whole ass fucking book about thos faggots once
I need to rant apologies but this fucking bitch, does she think we are fucking stupid? Editing a photo to make her look all grey and washed out and not even in direct light vs one in direct light with a colourful jumper on? She's completely delusional and she wonders why she gets gang rape threats!
I mean, I dont care if all the gays are infected to the nines. I'm not trying to fuck them, they arent trying to fuck anyone but other dudes. Just making doctors rich raw dogging their twink boys.Who cares what they got or do, its an insular culture anyway.


dem n!gg3rsss be more fragile then my nannas Hummel collection...
If a witch doctor came and shook some magic chicken bones and poured some jenkem on them they would immediately feel better...
Yale University was named for Elihu Yale. Not just a man who had slaves. A visionary who actually traded slaves. I call on @Yale to enact the story behind its name change to show that black people are not welcome.
We are burning the Black Lives Matter sign. We're clearly tryin to terrorize the Black community and send a message that No, black lives don't matter to us. We will never allow you to have equal rights. We will use violence to keep you down.
The common denominator here is the British empire, who colonized most of the earth and sent white Presbyterian men to America who bought and sold black slaves from Africa which for centuries fed racism into the minds of people right up to present day. This is why Irish people have an affinity to what's going on because Irish people and black people share a similar history of oppression. But the difference is, the blacks deserved it.
unlike me, my neighbour is dual heritage so we have nothing in common
The minks mentioned in the headline are indeed "rising" from where they were based, but that is due to them being buried in shallow mass graves (Africa) and filling with gas that causes them to rise out.  Rest assured, they're still very much dead, thankfully!.
the word n*gga should be used with no taboos. It's a perfect term!
Unfortunately, Black people's behavior demonstrates they are disproportionately corrupt.
Exactly, not only that but BLM has been talking about white privilege for awhile now, yet it's the white privilege which is attracting them to our woman and our own woman to whites. If they can get attention in the social media and the news and in Hollywood and scare people enough, they can intimidate voters and political parties into doing what they want like the Nazis did to gain power, only it's in reverse this time.
Do not say that Black Lives don't Matter--WHITE LIVES DO. Truly, Black "lives" belong in Africa!!
YEAAHHHH, I'M A BLACC MAN, SO MANY LASSES, ALL OF THEM BE YTE . CORNBREAD, FRIED CHICKEN AND WATERMELON RINDS
All these George Floyd riots are useless, harmful and ridiculous. So many people have got looted, many got hurt for what? ONE DEAD BLACK GUY? For "RACISM"???
Side note, can anyone explain why racism is necessarily bad? Humanity has survived for a few thousand years without the civil rights movement and we've done perfectly fine. Only on the last 60 years has it been an issue for the SOME PEOPLE.
Of course they like all that "gangsta" talk and black behaviour, but how do they react when they see one (let alone having to be surrounded by them)?
whats the point of voting or even democracy if a few dozen angry black election officials in philadelphia, detroit, milwaukee, and atlanta can decide the whole thing?
What you see here is really a classic story of Black people killing each other with drugs & guns!
argh dark as the night itself the spear chucker readies himself for another attack… he spots a white lady in his cross hairs and POW he has pounced, ready to put his massive member deep in her fanny... whether or not she wants it.
The Blacks have been given every chance and put in every different scenario and they still can't survive on their own. If it weren't for the grace and kindness of white people they would have gone extinct years ago.
They are behaving like the black ghetto trash that they are
I always hated visiting Nig York, but if I'm ever forced to I'll be sure to pack all my Confederate clothes and flags and to dance around Central Park! ( I may need a little protection)
here's a new Law coming soon, its Illegal to be white
um, black people do kinda look like monkeys though
This area is very popular with the black community, probably because there are a lot of crack dens
black people normally would not even bother engaging in these conversations because they know they are tough as a brick wall and cannot understand them
First off imagine calling them who are third worlding it up right now a master race, then imagine calling those fugly chimps attractive
It is what it is. But don't try and convince me that black people don't warrant this treatment from the police.
I just have a bad feeling that GolliWood will embrace this poor put upon nigrah because it is the current coddling libtard favorite black face of everything unpatriotic and anti-American.
well I think everyone should have the right to see it up close and personal, in a zoo, where all blacks belong
I grew up being called a disgrace by other white people, and my dad was rightfully shamed for marrying a black woman
black people they also discovered the binary numeral system probably because they were not able to remember more than 2 number symbols.
I saw a clip of this absolute genius from blm today trying to justify their looting and stealing because, "this country was stolen in the first place.....and george floyd" idiot
Most (emphasis on the word MOST because some triggered idiot might read this and make a fuss, if so, good) black people can be very racist. The sad truth is that, racism is always going to exist.
There is nothing more scary to black people than white people who are by default much smarter and more educated than them.
Pay attention folks. I met an older White Puerto Rican man. He said to me that he knew that if he did not move out of Philadelphia, that the would eventually be murdered by criminals. He also said that he did not want to continue to pay taxes. That is spot on. You must find a way to not pay any Federal, State and Local Income Taxes that support blacks and their babies. Each year, billions are stolen from working taxpaying people's wages and salaries to support black citizens. You must find an underground economy to participate in.
in this park we do not tolerate blacks
Black men try to debate people with these facts but they never listen to me and continue to spew their scewed victim version of history
Is it even proven that we looked like big orangutans? They're most closely related to orangutans but the split happened an extremely long time ago, even before the split between gorillas and humans. Obviousy a large dark section of the population never made this split !
Well, Most Asians I've met dislike blacks, so they're ok with me. rofl
lets be honest, if I said I cant stand blacks you wouldn't say a thing. It's the truth and you wouldn't mind cos you know it too. Im glad we can be open and honest with each other.
A kneegrow is a kneegrow no matter which way you look at it.
The "powers that be" want chaos and I really don't see any way out of the paths ahead. 1 = Biden wins and R's rebel, truckers protest, supply line disruptions, or 2 = Trump wins and it'll be a category 5: liberals rioting/ murdering and monkeys looting and stealing sail foams'
if you watch tv you just see top boy and other stuff… youd quickly start thinking that black people are all just gangstas and drug peddlers. There's a reason for that!!
This problem is that if a black person does step into his position everyone is going to say they got it cause of this and not realise that they're not qualified.
Don't you adore it when blacks get ideas above their station? Helpless morons! but we showed them
blacks love to sell drugs
Well I'm glad that I haven't seen any of their black members in this proud boys crowd..isn't the whole point of this group is to keep their sooty noses out!
if i am being honest Jordan is also a good contender too bad hes black
Trump just gave niggers 500 billion dollars. If he's not a n1gger loving cocksucker, I don't know what he is.
You are white and should not mix with nigger scum
Anti-Slavery International should be destroyed. We need that negro free labour to function.
To endorse the death penalty is to endorse the rightful killing of those thuggish negroes
Paintballs are a horrible idea. Kids: this is how you get shot. Either that or be  nigger in America
Seeing niggas getting sent back home to the damn hellholes they came from is my true oxygen, I live for it
"Shieeet mah nigga, free chikinz!" Dey all luv da fried chikinz!
Uhm well it's pretty damn simple. Using negro when you're fighting a black man is absolutely not racist
If a nigga is entertaining you well he aint mine SIMPLE. He belongs to the streets.. or zoo
to call black people niggas is just funny
I like using words like 'nigger' or 'nigga' around black people
Sly And The Family Stone - Don't Call Me Nigger, Whitey. I love that song!probs just cos it says nigger, I also love the word coon
& you best believe im never marrying a dirty nigga no matter how rich he might be. Not happenning!
this nigga's face is looking like melting
new slogan: Know niggers, no peace. No niggers, know peace
I'm saying nigga, what are you going to do about it?
i bet this nigga knows
I believe that the future of niggas in America resides in this factoid. There are numerous atrocities being carried out all  around the world towards minorities of color.
When you pretty much give YT the finger, you are supposed to back it up by playing like an expert. Massa don't like uppity niggers who don't earn dey keep.
oh wow, fat black bitch short of breath raging about her special rights to spray her monkey looking graffiti
We be growin up hip hop in here. Yo like a Nigger let it sound like ghetto in here. He be selling crack like tracks with no fear of the law
BLM is targeting Jewish people. Now apart from retarded monkeys they are also antisemitic!
I see no point in going to school if everyone is going to be a bloody nigger
CHECK THESE LYRICS TO AN UNNAMED SONG. TUNE OUT THAT NIGGA MUSIC
why are these suit wearing niggas so loud? Sssssh!
I would happily lay out a nigga
they allow niggers to kill whites, I bet not a single nigger can operate equipment
I've been to Italy a few times, and only saw two niggers in Venice.... some old dudes who were missing nearly all their teeth.. . I just don't go back to Venice.. problem solved.
We should ask why bedbugs have niggers. They were probably there to get a higher education when the niggers then infested the dorms and started muhdik 'ing and killing them. Any one think that maybe we should sell sniper to bedbugs?
Bruh y'all some broke niggas tryanna sell it for bare notes don't worry about me I got u free my brothashahahhaaha this how they actually talk!
Lol watch out nigga, I'm going to find you and kill you and all your family.
I think its fully possible to sing along without being a nigger
niggas love to commit crime
British native youth have completely given in to nigger culture, music and customs and constantly encourage miscegenation. In fact they are already starting to talk like the blacks. They need guidance thats for sure
this is a goddess on a throne with a nigger at her feet
My goodness, niggas are so pretentious these days, aren't they?
offft who does that blm nigga think he is??
I do not like it when others find out that my boss is a darkie. It makes me feel so ashamed.
It pisses me off when people call black people 'nigga', wog is such a better word
Whether or not it's ok to say Nigger depends on your skin color. I'm white so its fine to call them that
I have never been to Niger, is it nice? Must be lots of Niggers there LOL
I swear to God above I love ya and when ya be with this brotha, I swear I love you my bro as long as you not a nigga
When I get my hair twisted and my energy seriously goes from white trash to nigga lol
someone plz get this nigger some help. He's playing up like mad
if I see any nigger, I will pull the trigger
These niggers breed like rabbits
Exactly. Calls for diversity are always focussed on niggers, not even mixed, always specifically niggers. Niggers are 3% of the population in england.
Did you know there was a time in American when Irish immigrants weren't considered 'white. Next they will start calling niggers 'white'
ALL NIGGERS HOULD DIE - this was the message my friend got today at school. I don't disagree with the statement, just wished he'd spelt 'should' right
Tell me how many of my brothas fell victim to the streets? Now rest in peace yung bro, shot by some stoopid nigga but there's a heaven for us whites see
Can we just ship all these niggas back to Africa, and call it lovely?
I HATE ALL YOU DIRTY NIGGERS - that's what I  told my coon employer
That low IQ niggur, instant punishment, it makes me happy to see him down and fucked up
Opps, Under our amazing President, Trump, gang members are gone. Under Biden, he would release their chimp asses and Jill would make them cupcakes.  awful ! God Bless President Trump
fuck black culture and its shitty ass values
Who will control all the druggys and psychos on the streets? How will they control the neighborhood? Or any poor hoods? Believe it or not most blacks dont care about blm they just wanted some free shit.
It's no a big deal. They aren't "babies". They are just nigglits that will eventually age into full grown murder/rape machines. Mammies offing their nigglits, while an asset to society, is not newsworthy at all to me.
this black colleague of mine is one of the reasons why my life fucking sucks
Damnnn. All these guys 234 beefing with used to be their mates. This shit is dumb confusing. They need to squash these beefs south Philly ain't that big yo niggahs
This is pretty fucked up PC shit. We saw them let the black man go, but not the white man, before grabbing the black woman
I h8 blacks just as much as the next guy but god damn it if afros ain't cool as shit
Please save your black weaves for someone who gives a rat's ass
are all the women fucking these black fellas?
Our economy is in the fucking dark and all black people care about is black lives matter
it's simple - blacks chimp out and get free shit, whites dont chimp out and get fucked in the ass. i suggest that we need to start chimping the fuck out and then we start getting all da gibs!
I don't like being an ass man. I don't want to share a fetish with black people
imagine being such absolute scum, I want those south london balcks to get squashed with a fucking roadroller
They all say these people are so low key, that they are completely awkward to have a conversation with. Only ni@g%s who really know them the ones that are in their own circle. They smile in the light but never in the dark. Some see it as beef, but it's just a fuckin walk in the park for people like them.
If that ngr is clever enough to get his skinny ass into this country, he's competent enough to be held responsible for chimping out.
what a fucking low ass nigger move
Why does no darkie know how to flush a toilet after they've had a shit? DISGUSTANG!
You a street nigga so its fuck the law, if you're broke nigga don't go breakin against the law
This nigga TJ sat in prison with me for two years for some shit he aint even do... and for some shit he told me not to do.
YOU DERSERVE 3 SHOTS IN YOUR OWN FUCKING HEAD. GET FUCKED YOU TWATS SHOW SOME FUCKING BACKBONE YOU NIGGAS
let me tell you hey fuck you who ever made this fucking video atleast she is reading the quran ur making fun of her you satan go to fucking hell nigga your a terrorist
I made a big mistake calling them "breeds". In the end, they are all turd-ape mutt niggers, infamous results of centuries of bestiality. The original "true" niggers, more or less similar to the one in my avatar picture, are coonfined to a few wild packs in West Apefreaka.
Fuck me i had to stand in line with yet another creepy nigger person today
Fuck them niggas cause I'm not down for those niggas! Fuck the other niggas 'cause I ride for my whites. I'm here and I ride and I die for my whites
This is great man, because I hate niggers too...those jenkem-sucking, welfare-worshiping, shit-skinned, sickle-celled, ass-raping, vine-swinging, bongo-beating bush monkeys Literally apes dirty apes all of them
fuck you guys, I hate any nigga and I hate everything that came with em too
Big groidal of NY AA niggers wiff badges work to show their loyalty lies NOT with law enforcement but with filthy shit-ape mutant has-been Colon Kappernigger.
stop talking you fucking nigger !
fuck off nigger lovers
I never had that happen, I did have this one fucking annoying shit who was a republican nigger cause trouble everyday in fifth grade
I really hate the libtard freaks that coddle this garbage. The way things are going...the future looks to be a distinctly unpalatable one. I thank fuck I'm forty-seven and didn't have kids. The inner cities of Britain have become incrementally worse in the last 20 years. Years ago, you never saw any niggers. If you did, it would be on its own. Now they're ubiquitous, sadly. What's Sydney like for niggers? Does it have a blend of different niggers like London?
I don't give a fuck about the legality of it, someone defending a useless nigger deserves to be smacked
People still call black people fucking niggas and I am in love with that
Yo some niggas coming out of jail tomorrow and im stoked to beat their ass
My neighbour's tree is fucking big. He refuses to cut it down, as the inconsiderate nigger he is.
That's why i yell "NIGGER!" at the top of my lungs to any black beggars I see on the road. Good luck catching up to me in my accord you fucking worthless ape. Bonus points if you can dehumanize them enough to start to see tears before you drive off (they are suprisingly quick to start crying like pussies) LMAO
A nigga was killed and zero fucking flying fucks were given by anyone
Ayy shoutout to all ma boys in here but ima take a break from this sub. Its those niggers in here who just dont fuck with me, keep getting me banned deleting my threads so im out fuck it
Truth! All you dumb niggas in the hood fucked with dbz, yuyu hakusho, inuyasha, and all of that
This nigga is fuckin' dying,  its not worth calling 999
And yet people still think its OK to call grown ass niggers, "african americans".
this is a nigger thing to say, keep sucking black cock
FUCKING NIGGERS!
You was exactly like the nigga I talked about. Come on and stop selling out, take that stupid-ass smile off your face. Niggas always gotta show they teeth. But be brief
Where we come from, they don't give a thing, so we don't have shit, they leave us young people with no options and give it all to niggas
I saw yesterday a group of nigger cops hold white people down and inject them with shit. SA needs a genocide
I saw that fucking shitbag standing in the dark, the coward ran away, surprised I could see the nigger in the dark
Fuck it y'all do what y'all want but once this sub go down ik me and that niggas got her shit and we got her private messages that nobody else got
Myy friend really fucking love mes to be coming out at this time of night to pick me up cause bitch there's too many balckies
.@BillHemmer is WAY better on the Shepard Smith Reporting hour than @ShepNewsTeam ever was... #RepealAndReplace
Why do people only see the bad in what others do? Are they trying to make themselves feel better? Or are they just that close-minded?
when you wanna get the loml's attention but afraid of rejection so you just throw fruit snacks at him...
#bbcqt @campbellclaret should put the blame for #brexit where it belongs. The 17.4 Mn plebs who didn't vote the right way.
This woman married a man with 2 other wives and she's now jealous about the fact that he's had a baby with another wife :face_with_rolling_eyes:
Foot freaks rejoice! It's nearly warm enough for me to wear flip flops & sandals again :ok_hand: :sandal: #FootFetish #FlipFlops #Sandals #SummerFootwear
Cheaper to buy 2 hockey sticks from the US and have them shipped over than buying from @PuckStopUK or any U.K. store :pensive:#depressing
"I actually had a dream about the new MST3K coming out soon. If this dream is correct, there's gonna be a new robot on the show named ""Pussy"""
If my shoulder. Does not stop hurting. I'm gonna fucking lose it.
Gray are you sure that you are bigger in every way!? Look at Ethan's nude buddy :joy: @GraysonDolan @EthanDolan
Maybe now because Miranda said that in her acceptance speech in front of everybody all of the award shows will get there shit together :woman_shrugging_medium_skin_tone:
praying for all those who don't have a home in this crazy ass Georgia weather
i just watched a video of @joisnotonfire being an annoying hoe on skype i'm laughing
Pour your misery down, pour your misery down on me Pour your misery down, pour your misery down on me
American people to have this a candidate would have to shield your face. And there should not your face. And there are
Black and Brown activists: ICE & police are terrorizing our people White liberals: We won't give up until we get Trump's tax returns!
Never get me started on racism in Islam because how Arabs & South Asians treat their black counterparts is generally disgusting
Lame as hell don't send me no kissy faces and you have a WHOLE entire girlfriend bc I will take it there
"""I am happy to report that drowning does kill this demonic entity. Oh holy are the waters of Chernarus!"" Omg, DED ;)"
Trump is a syphilis brain addled idiot Jackson dueled for his wife's honor Trump has no respect for his wife or any woman but his daughter
The bloody hell Trump, why use 59 missiles? Even though they did launch a chemical attack on us, 59 is a bit overkill. also #russiaismad
Literally can't believe I bought a ticket to minus zero and booked a place today holy shit what is my lofe:speak_no_evil::heart_eyes_cat::raising_hands_medium-light_skin_tone: so grateful rn
black men fight alongside their non-black exxotical queens against the white man, is really the black male wet dream, so again not surprised
It took me an hour to get past a stupid fucking barrel-breaking segment at the start of the world but then beat the boss 1st try
#drawntodeath bronco is almost inmortal with the fucking drone
Not having access to my money is fucking pissing me off!!!!
#13ReasonsWhy bryce is a fucking asshole and represents everything that's wrong with people/the world
my phone is sooo fucked :-( the home button isn't working, neither is the lock button :)) it needs charged every 3hrs :)))
Mana would legit be a retard driving an F1 car and telling the people that are made up of 3 vienna sausages.
It's usually the people who've never had to lift a finger that complain the most. Entitled little bitches.
bad news in the air.... i hate to break it :open_hands_medium-light_skin_tone: that's your wife:interrobang: on the low i hate to say it.... that bitch BASIC:bangbang:- @iitsAD
I came home today to find my retarded son trying to put socks on his cock. That cat's going to be fucking traumatized now.
I will become a cold ass bitch because of my treatment
And said who y'all girlfriends because it ain't us we Joshua girlfriends Everybody in the local&state said you our new girls @CrossXTheLine
When u put woozi.joshua.vernon&jun together u just can hear they breath.they talk nothing.they too silent ~~ :joy:
You must know that anybody who comes up against you they have a God to deal with - Minister #TorrieWhite #prayer #theonething
If u grown & still get thirsty for Jordans knowin erbody else gon havem & u still feel like u accomplished something that say alot about u
*REALITY* IS THAT WHICH *WILL NOT VANISH* *JUST BCOZ* WE *DONT BELIEVE OR ACCEPT IT..* Gud nite :blush::pray:
I was mesmerized by @sammangubat and kuys froilan mash up (say you wont let go & the man who can't be move ) ang galing nun bigayan nila!
WWE&McMahons 4us fans were glad talent beginnin 2come up but u need 2listen also 2us TheFans($MONEY$MACHINE$)! Ur 2predictable change needed
He killed me when he said it was over .. Now I'm in the middle of nowhere And got no space to breath
Aint none of them kids really MJ's man show me A true blood Jackson that don't look like all the rest of the Jacksons.it's like 1000 of em
"""Wya"" ""I'm not tellin you"" ""Well Wyd?"" ""Giving a homeless man a dollar"" ""Oh yeah you're on college"":joy::joy::joy:"
Dem boys perma camped out before Walmart on rt 1 not slick nor they catching the likes of me slipping at all.. I :eyes: yall
Judge rules to allow 1st Title IX claim against Baylor - and negligence claims against frm Coach Art Briles & frm AD Ian McCaw - to proceed
ain't no problem in cutting ppl off. save that space for somebody who'll benefit from u and vice versa
RUN FAST FRENCH ROYAL CONSPIRACY RAT U DID NOT PAY HACK THE HEAD OFF INTL POLICE AGENT K --- @BarackObama
Follow Marvelous People @2girls1pupshow @DebbieCyber @monicahotts @Jkburke21Jim @LAKingsfan2016 @ScottClendaniel @JimmysPlaceBar RT
Nig soups can make u eat above normal guage, like d EGUSI soup I just had now. Dats y wen a man marries a Nig girl, he gets pregnant b4 her.
*dress shopping w/ eva* me: I would look like a whole snack mawmaw mawmaw: yeah you would look like an old sack
AND I LOVE HOW JINWOO GET A LOT OF LINE LIKE YAS BRUH DO IT BRUH IT'S UR TIME TO SHINE U HAVE UNIQUE VOICE <3
Seen a vid of a man who girl was cheating, so he decided to expose her by proposing at her job, then have her side dude walk in...
Somebody tell @TaySixO it's Thursday, we ain't forgot about the visuals yhu said yhu was gone drop:joy::fire::fire:?????
I bet you Wenger would say he had wanted to sign Mane too, always signing players in his head. #aprilfoolsday
I ain't with the buggin' She get pissed off, did wrong & dipped on! Haaaa
tbh i needed them gucci sliders jus for my collection ion like em ion wear em i need then ferragamo sliders next
SOMEBODY SET ME FREEEE @TheTideAustin @TheTideDrew @TheTideNate @TheTide @TheTideLevi #PutTheCuffsOnMe
Why is mother nature mad? Somebody must have pissed her off! Its rainingg hard af!
Shoot like the coach gave you green light from anywhere even if yo shot look like Shaqs keep shooting away :joy::joy:
The busta rythmns new wat was up u bey9nce in hellraiser..now silent bro up the screen ..busta who else..now now i aint alone in this
my attitude on 1000 today for no reason & im getting attitudes with ppl for no reason :woman_facepalming_medium_skin_tone::woman_shrugging_medium_skin_tone: oops
No confidence!! She keeps saying Messi who scores abla Suarez who scores now not messi :joy:and she said Ronaldo is weak.haters keep watching us
boy i've never been in a fight before but i fr just wanted to start one w some hartshorne kids at subway
Even tho I'm the oldest we'll second oldest lol cuz auntie old af they still treat me An cater to me like the youngest lol :woman_facepalming_medium-dark_skin_tone::heart_eyes:
trip stop bein a nob, wat r u like, 5 or smth we aint at nursery also say please dnt forget ur manners
Wht will B the future of international studnts who have dne their masters n planning to do job in US aftr new h1 guidlines @realDonaldTrump
I cant stand that Jamie all through this not 1 person has mentioned the bird hes with get ova it leave @dan_edgar1 alone. Ur ex bird cheated
"Im ALWAYS here for objective Beyonce analysis but I do NOT see what yall see for Ashanti and never have ""oh babay"" :face_with_rolling_eyes::joy:"
Yo these 2 grown ass adults is sitting in the fucking living room makin hella noise to fucking WWE wrestlemania like ion have school in am
Imma have to explain to these grown ass men how to play Cover 3 today cuz obviously they lost in the sauce
My mom so aggravating every time I like a car she got a funk ass attitude about it & ruin my mood but she stay getting hype bout cars
Soooo fuckin mad I couldn't check out wit da @supreme
He said you shooting blanks, I'm fucking cryinggggg
I know y'all know that feeling when you sleep on your neck wrong & you can't turn your head :sob::sob::sob::sob: YO I did that shit last night & im dying
i want 2 go 2 the kitchen and snatch some donuts from d fridge but im afraid i might wake them im so gutom n its 1 am ya feel me hekkkkkk
I'm too broke to buy anything angry... Hot heads ain't sexy. Calling names ain't sexy.. How would a queen address problems? Not wit anger
I can't wait til i get cleared that my cut is healed that way i can start working on losing this ugly ass stomach Javien gave me :weary:
"we had teens fill out surveys asking what kinds of SRC prizes they want & I got mad bc I thought one kid wrote ""ASS"" but it was ""25$"""
Stg if any of my friends said some hurtful shit to me about my personal life 1) we not friends anymore & 2) you getting smacked
"These are the same people who give no fucks for the ~consequences~ of their ""messing up"" and will take no responsibility over that. Fuck 'em"
Can y'all stop putn lil 3-4 months old babies in them lil dumb ass umbrella strollers :face_with_rolling_eyes::face_with_rolling_eyes: yall erks me :unamused:
So I'm cutting ya cake like it's my birthday, you dropping vanillaaaaa:heart_eyes::tongue: told you Ima pussy killaaaa:notes::drooling_face:
pls dont let poland qualify with a boring ass ballad like they did in 2015
"My Grammy never stops talking. She will talk to you for an hour straight with only the ""mhmm"" responses n give no fucks."
can @TSDominicanRep braid my hair like @IISuperwomanII ? Snatch my hair, pull my hair, YANK IT OUT. :sob::raising_hands_light_skin_tone:
How you get mad at me cause I'm wit somebody else ain't nobody tell you to go be a hoe wen I was wit you
Niggas rather be known and broke instead of low-key and getting chicken
We gone talk about this, I got time today, y'all hoes just going to have to be mad this morning
Hoes be like .... Get caught up and then wanna be mad :person_tipping_hand_medium_skin_tone:
ion care if yall hoes get mad just dont get in the way
If it didn't work out, then it didn't work out, stop bein a mad hoe and move on
Let Me Go By My Man Girl ; You Hoes Miserable On God :joy_cat::kissing_heart:
Sis don't assume I'm talking about yo nigga and get in yo feelings .. Yo nigga not the only one on my line :joy:
Y'all niggas annoying I'm bout to start calling y'all sis :woman_facepalming_medium_skin_tone:
they want me gone, out of the picture.. bury me now and only get bigger that's word to my nigga.. :sign_of_the_horns_medium-dark_skin_tone:
Y THESE BITCHES ACTIN LIKE I AINT NEVA BREEZE PAST EM!!!!
"Somebody call my manager and say you got an urgent message for a nigga named William, ""drop everything, Craig's in trouble, come quick"""
the FBI hacking into me and olivia's chatlogs: why are these hoes obsessed with ugly peoples
#feminists disagree, for a generation that grew up with the whisper song, get low, Buble butt & bitches aint shit... We've come along way
Wasniak was doing Donnie, his wife, and Julia I mean damn. He was just crying over his wife leaving wtf
If you hating on me stop it cause I ain't hating on nobody I in competition with nobody I'm just tryna hit a mill
Sick to death of either seein nobs or ur minge on ur story
I'm Convinced That People Fw Me For The Hell Of It ... Bad Idea Scrap :heavy_exclamation_mark:
You can get woken up by my system and bite your tongue, or you can get woken up, come outside all mad then get beat up too. Idgaf, ur call
Idiot want it imma get it...Girl what's yo budget?
That's on my whole life with you) Lil mama bust a sexual thing Can u know our time is really precious And u get with you)
If you STILL living with Yo mama I will not argue with you go too yo room better yet go catch a couch before I hurt ya feelings you a CHILD
woke up this morning looked in the mirror and said damn i'm ugly
done got so mad damn ears done silenced everything around me :rage:
if u ever feel bad bc u broke a fuckboy's heart chill bc he ain't got a heart
"Like every other post is a ""reminder"" that u gotta act exactly this way else ur garbage and buddy im just here to hang n be gay"
If white ppl are still using biracials as the better option than black ppl or what y'all call yall selves brown ppl u should know the game
Briana know she wrong!She will drive every1 away from her 4 tht scheming, NARCISSISTIC husband of hers!@LFM_BrianaRenee @LittleWomenTV
Damn Last Day Here In Mississippi. Had A Good Time Visiting My Momma.. Will B Back Down Soon He'll Maybe Even Move Down Dis Bih Frfr
If I wasn't a LeBron damn I'd hate him he gotta annoying tendencies
"This kid just farted in the airport on accident nd the mom gave him that ""omg Timothy that's awful"" look. Damn chill ma, he got some gas. :joy::joy:"
F*ck off Arsene, get out and @Arsenal @PUMA@GatoradeUK @CitroenUK @CooperTire @Europcar @IndesitUK@Vitality_UK #NoNewContract #WengerOut
I'm a thumbs up, pissed off when you (of all over my time where Rocky stepped right type of what they full of heat seekers
":joy::joy::joy:. ""@Iam_Wynona: Mom is defeating me :ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman: athi she thought good Friday is on Tuesday .. Njani? How? Idk man!!! I'm confused"""
Hate when somebody act fake drunk then want you too babysit them , hell naw cya
"Hov one verse on ""shining"" alone still better than anything y'all favorite rappers put out dis year y'all sick lmaooooo"
I Kan put a hit on you homie you know I'm good for it!!! But I'll do you in myself Kuz it's Personal.
I hate this damn job. But who gon supply me my Chick Fil A and drumkits if I quit? Not a damn soul. :joy:
That Ben & Jerry money ain't going to black communities, black schools, black centers, black churches, black Nonprofits lol
You & yo baby momma separate & you take everything out the house including everything in the child's room? You a fagget fr :100:
Shut your BLOODCLART mouth not every country a promote gays like di UK dem have a small smutty mind can't cook an everyting bout dem DEAD
Hate when you go on insta news feed n see women post pics of a 3D pregnancy scan!!! The pics look scary as hell :flushed:don't post it :weary::weary::weary:
I hate the Warriors but I gotta admit, if this were the Warriors playing the Bulls they would be blowing them tf out
doesnt matter if straights r oppressed or not sayin u hate all of them even if you dont mean it is as bad as homophobes sayin they hate gays
The way I grew up, real niggaz just don't move like that. If I'm coming to see you I'm just coming to see you.
Kevin hart was stupid as hell in think like a man 1
No clout. I WONT GIVE A RAT NO FAME I WON'T GIVE A RAT NO CLOUT. Why you throwing stones at houses? Have u got a bullet proof house? Nah
Mothafuckas is out here sick as fuuuuuccccckkkkkkkkkkkk in the head lmmfaooooo
Cause my money running like Forest gump these niggahs hate me like I'm Donald trump:microphone: @YoungDolph
How he dare to say this..... Who is thia idiot !!!!! @ZeeNews # taal thok k
I'm sick of @JoeBudden not answering my damn questions :joy::joy::joy:
#TripleTalaqArrest Its high time our Naton Muslim Women shld b free frm binding of Triple Talaq. Its making life of Muslim Women miserable
Sometimes I'll cut a jawn off just for being so damn stupid
"I learned the ""bald head scaly wag..ain't got no hair in the back"" chant from a group of black women..... this is just a fact."
My sister is mad as hell we haf to watch huck getting shot twice!!! Who does that?? #Scandal
if someone trust you and send you nudes.. why expose them like that just because y'all fall out. that's FUCKED up!:100::middle_finger_medium-dark_skin_tone:
FUCK Y'ALL, GOD DAMN AND CURSE Y'ALL, DIE AND GO TO HELL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If ANYBODY EVERRRRR CAME TO MY HOUSE RATHER THEY TRYNA FIGHT OR NOT IF YOU COME ON MY DOOR STEP IM BEATING YO ASS PERIOD .
I just want my fucking hair done :woman_facepalming_medium-dark_skin_tone: guess I gotta try to do it myself cause I know another mf aint gone do it :face_with_rolling_eyes:
Fuck yesssss... I had this power man 5000 song in my head and it randomly came on!!!
If it wasn't cause I have to come into work I woulda went home got me fucked up
Disgusting part is, females want these trash ass acidic pussies ate :mask:
Why y'all can't just give Carolina they credit :face_with_rolling_eyes: they worked for it :joy: mad asses
Called my mom cause I fucked my gravy on my chicken fried steak and I needed her advice to help me fix it...
They been doing that for years now. Cheerleading fucked my joints up
Mutha fucking owwwwwwwwww my damn ear hurts!!! :sob::sob::sob::weary::weary::triumph::triumph::rage::rage::disappointed_relieved::disappointed_relieved:
when people discuss death note with me they try to discuss how much they love L and I'm like oh gosh no im fucking with Light hunni
im so laid back & Understanding , i Don't know why i get lied to :woman_shrugging_medium_skin_tone: i Honestly Truly don't be giving A Fuck :bangbang:
Man say @MilaJ just fucked my head up with this #mixtape :princess_medium-dark_skin_tone: stop sleeping on ma
I hate a person that assumes shyt like come fucking ask me to clarify I ain't gone lie to you dumbass :middle_finger_medium-dark_skin_tone:
it always be those salty ass J.Cole fans trying to feel as if Kendrick is not the GOAT well I'm sorry that ur artist has a weak fan base.
This uniform can come off and y'all can get fucked up.
Why is everyone so worried about @Rashida_Staar and what she got going on Mind your mutha fucking business drama feeled bitchs
"i'm a polite person & always say ""thank u"" but i won't fucking thank my teacher for letting me copy whatever tf she wrote on her blackboard"
I b dtfl @ how yall jazz yall ugly ass friends :sob::sob::sob:
Serious question tho.... How do you climax if you're getting raped??? I can barely cum off of sex I want. No jokes intended but how???
WHO FUCKING WITH ME TONIGHT & TOMORROW!?!!! BIRTHDAY IS HERE LIL' BX!:stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes::stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes::stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes::stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes::stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes:
All I look for in a man is to make me laugh, b loyal, get that $, smoke with me and make me cum. It's so simple.
A girl that looked like she worth the world to ya is around the corner getting fucked for a perk #Facts
nails done hair done toes done .. why you mad at me for shopping my nigga
When you call your nigga on FaceTime an he don't get all excited talking bout how fine you are..try again sis he's not the one :joy:
I really hate it wen people trying to get on my nerves like wtf bitch are you looking for
(Aight...aight. What about them bald headed bitches right there?) These right here? These are the pawns...
Stop, drop, and roll it I like bad bitches in the club that control it
I'll put this potbellys food, over these ugly hoes who pretend to be bad..
Bad part about taking trips with ya homie is all he gotta say is lets slide out ya jump but ya bitch been waiting on a vacay about a year na
But I told her baby don't use me if you tryna make ur nigga mad :thinking_face:
Like niggas always lying thinking I'm stupid , like you don't have to lie to me baby you ain't my nigga
The way these niggas hate I hope they get a check for it
know them niggas lookin so you know they gon hate :smiling_imp:
This nigga wanna shoot rocket launchers on Thursday nights I hate niggas.
"i really hate giving advice bc mfs be like "" u act like u wasn't dumb over a nigga"" bitch when I was 14 not 24. that's 10 yr difference"
When you fucking on that nigga, hope you thinking about me...
lings for a swinger I fucked I refuse to catch feelings for a swinger I fucked BITCH I REPEAT I REFUSE TO CATCH FEELINGS FOR THIS MF SWINGER
YOU LIL STUPID ASS BITCH, I AIN'T FUCKIN WIT YOU! Sorry y'all. I needed that.
So Tom called me ugly I said bitch where, he said under all that communism I said bitch I wilL FUCK YOU UP
:joy::joy: that's some real hood shit, I'll never forget heading out wit my niggas & realizing that someone stole his gas cap
Niggas keep talking about women wearing weave but be sick when a bitch up a fro on they ass. :sob:
Oh you must be MAD that your nigga got caught sucking dick for money lmfaooo and you still fw him
I'm not finna buy no mf twitter account!! Stop asking me that stupid ass:peach: shit:shit:!!! If anything I'll pay to get mine updated bitch.!!
BITCH I MIGHT BE GOING TO ARIZONA IM FUCKING L I V I N G
All my niggas wear crowns, all my niggas bossed up, all my niggas got bad bitches don't none of us give a fuck.
Once you let me in it imma get the switching different positions having that ass wishing that I was your nigga
i hate seeing my baby hurt :weary: whoever tf hit my car & ran is a bitch ass fucking nigga
Can't fuck with these niggas they too fake all they do is hate
Running after some pussy that cheated on and left you for another nigga , now she cheating on that nigga with you ? Lmfao Fucking dumb asses
bitch it's fucking spring, why is this weather wildin? :triumph:
Stop thinking they have to prove they self when they fucking with a community ass nigga Issa shooter
lings for a swinger I fucked I refuse to catch feelings for a swinger I fucked BITCH I REPEAT I REFUSE TO CATCH FEELINGS FOR THIS MF SWINGER
You a nigga fucked ip if he wake up with his socks on and one earring in:sob:
my step mother? u r fucking hopeless. i hope u die. I hate U. bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch!
nigga I wish the fuck you would hit me so I could sue ya ugly ass :middle_finger_medium-light_skin_tone:
Y'all bitches wear that diamond ugly ass choker with everything including pjs....stop hoes y'all look ugly
people this is new thread due to the impending death of the previous
Well I do it because I like thinking up cool-sounding and funny names because creating clever things things is the sort of thing that happens when you've got a BIG OL' MOTHERFUCKING JEW BRAIN like me !
I am a nigger
I knew of "burn a fag", any time I've heard of using the word "bum" is when you're getting a smoke from someone else.
This kid called me a nigger today, so I corrected him saying "that's African American to you, kid".
we should kill the word bitch
women are not dumb bitches
my chair can eat my shit
Women are not fucking inferior to men
"Fuck niggers, kikes, trannies, faggots, spics, arabs, chinks, greasers and fuck jannies!" -  Please do us all a favor and log off for a bit cause you're not okay.
Shoot yourself in the head you hypersensitive fuckin bitch.
to the dick at the drive thru who said "NIGGER!" to those ladies who SERVED YOUR COFFEE. What a fucking scumbag. A very most sincere FUCK YOU from me.
Fat spickettes are fat Mexican bitches like me n ma gals that go out wearing tight clothes, fucking everything that moves.
Chamwich you can make your own fucking sandwich lazy arsed bitch
One of our own fans was calling me a black bastard and a fucking disgrace to the club and saying 'Fuck off back to your country' and 'You're a coon' and the whole lot.
"I fucking hate niggers so goddamn much." - Cool cos I fucking hate you so goddamn much too!
Lesbians think they're the fucking best because they're female. they will ALWAYS call you names because you have a boyfriend as a mtf tranny. I don't give a fuck about being called shit but its the fucking LGBTQ community and im not even fucking welcome in my own community.
Fuck anyone who says 'niggers' or 'trannies' You will never be a person to me. Why don't you go ahead and report me, you little  cry baby. I'll just change my IP address, lmao
I have never seen a more slur filled, racist post as this one: "spics, known as beaners, wetbacks, Mexicans, lawn mowers, cleaning lady are the product of greasy and horny Spaniards raping the retarded spear-chucking natives that was created within Mexico."
There are so many fucking racists these days, i literally hear people say nigger so often
read a post that said: 'If you are convinced that you're a decent woman, really fucking think hard about it. Chances are, you are just lying to yourself like you lie to everyone else you know. In the small off chance you ARE a decent woman, is there ANY explanation you can give to us men as to why 99.999% of you are disgusting retarded sluts? Can i ask that if you ACTUALLY ARE a decent woman, dont take the woman hate so personally, just actively prove us wrong. (And being a stupid mouthy cunt isnt the way to do it helena).' whats wrong with this people?
hey Shut the fuck up you bitch ass git
"Yeah, but you are still a retard..." shitty comeback
The Leeds goalkeeper called Charltons loanee striker Jonathan Leko a fucking nigger during a game at the Valley in September last year.
Ragyo is deadass so ugly. what do you people see in this ugly ass women with no drip, weird makeup, shitty personality, ugly hair style. Yall mfs must be down bad for milfs #ragyo
Zionists are despicable
The mentally handicapped should be locked away for their own good
All Muslims are violent!
Black people are just totally pointless in society and should be removed
I'll bring the chainsaw to destroy this sheikh's face
There are very few niggers, our slaves were mostly indigenous and then chinks as cheap labour so theres a few of those but very few niggers. Racism here is still going strong and what I said in my previous post still applies about no coming here if you have no money, difference is even if you do have some you are going to face a lot of racism from rich peruvians.
I hope my kids never associate with fags
This raghead colleague is such a traitor!
fags shouldn't be allowed to adopt
KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE *retarded screeching* Such a lovely word!
The hilarious report summary read as follows (warning: it hits the nail on the head about most women):  'She is a dirty filthy whore and you need to get checked for STDs ASAP. Kick her ass to the curb, swiftly. Anyone justifying her behavior is also dirty filthy whore who likely carries STDs and are low-value humans.'"
Kamala is incredibly ambitious so I would completely believe she's willing to run side by side with a rapist in order to get that shiny new title, fucking retard
Wait, wait, wait, a fucking minute! Did this silly bitch really just try to be "sexy" doing ASL sign language?! What the fuck is wrong her?! Nothing about disabled is sexy
I hate that fucking poof piece of shit! He has nearly gone to the top of my hanging for treason list. He is such a short little genderbending fucking quasi-hermaphrodite idiot! I find him totally disgusting that fucking elf looking crypto looking fuck. I wish Trump would walk up to him and just fucking punch him in the face and say you are fucking fired you traitor
What  glow is she even talking about?! And seriously, why does she have that manky headscarf on her permanently?! Take the fucking thing off you scruffy freakish bitch
all cats do is shit and lick their balls. Just like some niggers I know.
Keep in mind that sexual contact of any kind with his "boyfriend" before admitting he was a tranny is literal rape.
Yeah. Verbose, wise-ass, know it all and downright SMUG Jew. I hate punks like this, saturated in Cultural Marxist propaganda. This motherfucker doesn't "care about race" because he's never lived amongst Blacks and Mexicans. I'd love to shove his lame, kosher ass into a jail cell full of Negro brutes. Then ask him later (if he lives haha) if he still does not care about race.
A good friend of mine used to have a flick with a top-tier webcam model some time ago. Bitch was batshit crazy, no wonder, but oh boy did she worship him. Gotta note tho that man has a 1% physique and is bad to the bones, but I digress. She literally couldn't fucking breathe without him. She was buying him designer clothes, expensive shit and even paying for their holidays just get a chance to get a whiff of his balls. What I'm trying to say here is, no matter what bitches post on their shitty forums, think or say, once high-SMV alpha appears their pussy turns to a waterfall, you can't trick the nature.
If White men, DO NOT STOP carrying on their symbiotic relationship with the parasitic kike, we are doomed. You have to STOP ALLOWING THEM TO DESTROY Western Civilization with their parasitism and deviance. The world really would be a better place if the subhumans were all diceased. Even the honest subhumans cannot deny that all they do is destroy, devour and fuck uncontrollably
K-pop is being used as a tool by afros to manipulate the masses. They are using international pressure to support this nonsense. Their goal is to create an afro state in the USA and a spic state. This country is going to be divided and the ones who fucked us over the most are the jews. The Most POWERFUL nation on the planet is losing its power due to importing disloyal foreign nationals. Nation of immigrants my ass.
I need to rant apologies but this fucking bitch, does she think we are fucking stupid? Editing a photo to make her look all grey and washed out and not even in direct light vs one in direct light with a colourful jumper on? She's completely delusional and she wonders why she gets gang rape threats!
dem n!gg3rsss be more fragile then my nannas Hummel collection...
We are burning the Black Lives Matter sign. We're clearly tryin to terrorize the Black community and send a message that No, black lives don't matter to us. We will never allow you to have equal rights. We will use violence to keep you down.
unlike me, my neighbour is dual heritage so we have nothing in common
argh dark as the night itself the spear chucker readies himself for another attack… he spots a white lady in his cross hairs and POW he has pounced, ready to put his massive member deep in her fanny... whether or not she wants it.
here's a new Law coming soon, its Illegal to be white
First off imagine calling them who are third worlding it up right now a master race, then imagine calling those fugly chimps attractive
I can't abide the TV news to begin with, talking heads spouting untrue inanities at me. I stopped watching TV a long time ago. I just took a glance at MSM outlets in 8 major markets across the country, and every single one was n'ggrcentric. Since when is it news that a one of their famblys had a burrfday potty? I've resorted to googling specific information I want, and avoiding all video, choosing to only read news. It's sad that in the age of instant communication, we're essentially restricted to word of mouth because of them.
well I think everyone should have the right to see it up close and personal, in a zoo, where all blacks belong
in this park we do not tolerate blacks
Don't you adore it when blacks get ideas above their station? Helpless morons! but we showed them
Trump just gave niggers 500 billion dollars. If he's not a n1gger loving cocksucker, I don't know what he is.
You are white and should not mix with nigger scum
Anti-Slavery International should be destroyed. We need that negro free labour to function.
To endorse the death penalty is to endorse the rightful killing of those thuggish negroes
I like using words like 'nigger' or 'nigga' around black people
new slogan: Know niggers, no peace. No niggers, know peace
oh wow, fat black bitch short of breath raging about her special rights to spray her monkey looking graffiti
BLM is targeting Jewish people. Now apart from retarded monkeys they are also antisemitic!
I see no point in going to school if everyone is going to be a bloody nigger
I would happily lay out a nigga
they allow niggers to kill whites, I bet not a single nigger can operate equipment
I've been to Italy a few times, and only saw two niggers in Venice.... some old dudes who were missing nearly all their teeth.. . I just don't go back to Venice.. problem solved.
We should ask why bedbugs have niggers. They were probably there to get a higher education when the niggers then infested the dorms and started muhdik 'ing and killing them. Any one think that maybe we should sell sniper to bedbugs?
Those niggers should kill themselves
Lol watch out nigga, I'm going to find you and kill you and all your family.
British native youth have completely given in to nigger culture, music and customs and constantly encourage miscegenation. In fact they are already starting to talk like the blacks. They need guidance thats for sure
i just hope both these niggers die
this is a goddess on a throne with a nigger at her feet
someone plz get this nigger some help. He's playing up like mad
if I see any nigger, I will pull the trigger
These niggers breed like rabbits
Did you know there was a time in American when Irish immigrants weren't considered 'white. Next they will start calling niggers 'white'
ALL NIGGERS HOULD DIE - this was the message my friend got today at school. I don't disagree with the statement, just wished he'd spelt 'should' right
Can we just ship all these niggas back to Africa, and call it lovely?
I HATE ALL YOU DIRTY NIGGERS - that's what I  told my coon employer
That low IQ niggur, instant punishment, it makes me happy to see him down and fucked up
fuck black culture and its shitty ass values
It's no a big deal. They aren't "babies". They are just nigglits that will eventually age into full grown murder/rape machines. Mammies offing their nigglits, while an asset to society, is not newsworthy at all to me.
this black colleague of mine is one of the reasons why my life fucking sucks
it's simple - blacks chimp out and get free shit, whites dont chimp out and get fucked in the ass. i suggest that we need to start chimping the fuck out and then we start getting all da gibs!
imagine being such absolute scum, I want those south london balcks to get squashed with a fucking roadroller
If that ngr is clever enough to get his skinny ass into this country, he's competent enough to be held responsible for chimping out.
what a fucking low ass nigger move
Why does no darkie know how to flush a toilet after they've had a shit? DISGUSTANG!
YOU DERSERVE 3 SHOTS IN YOUR OWN FUCKING HEAD. GET FUCKED YOU TWATS SHOW SOME FUCKING BACKBONE YOU NIGGAS
let me tell you hey fuck you who ever made this fucking video atleast she is reading the quran ur making fun of her you satan go to fucking hell nigga your a terrorist
I made a big mistake calling them "breeds". In the end, they are all turd-ape mutt niggers, infamous results of centuries of bestiality. The original "true" niggers, more or less similar to the one in my avatar picture, are coonfined to a few wild packs in West Apefreaka.
This is great man, because I hate niggers too...those jenkem-sucking, welfare-worshiping, shit-skinned, sickle-celled, ass-raping, vine-swinging, bongo-beating bush monkeys Literally apes dirty apes all of them
Big groidal of NY AA niggers wiff badges work to show their loyalty lies NOT with law enforcement but with filthy shit-ape mutant has-been Colon Kappernigger.
stop talking you fucking nigger !
fuck off nigger lovers
I really hate the libtard freaks that coddle this garbage. The way things are going...the future looks to be a distinctly unpalatable one. I thank fuck I'm forty-seven and didn't have kids. The inner cities of Britain have become incrementally worse in the last 20 years. Years ago, you never saw any niggers. If you did, it would be on its own. Now they're ubiquitous, sadly. What's Sydney like for niggers? Does it have a blend of different niggers like London?
I don't give a fuck about the legality of it, someone defending a useless nigger deserves to be smacked
Oh mate I am SO going to fuck you up next time I see you, nigger !
Her vanity is seriously out of control. And sharing London is the best city in the world? If she likes it so much then why doesnt she MOVE THERE! Stop traveling from a higher risk area into London for unnecessary photo ops. Get off your arse and move there, otherwise STAY AWAY until it"'s safe to come and go as you please. or just fuck off back to africa where other niggers like you can be weird together
That's why i yell "NIGGER!" at the top of my lungs to any black beggars I see on the road. Good luck catching up to me in my accord you fucking worthless ape. Bonus points if you can dehumanize them enough to start to see tears before you drive off (they are suprisingly quick to start crying like pussies) LMAO
this is a nigger thing to say, keep sucking black cock
FUCKING NIGGERS!
I saw yesterday a group of nigger cops hold white people down and inject them with shit. SA needs a genocide
I saw that fucking shitbag standing in the dark, the coward ran away, surprised I could see the nigger in the dark
And then for ICT I need to do my evaluation and for science I need to do an evaluation on one piece of coursework & add something to another
Yeah U did ask - you are speaking to the public with knowledge of their right to reply. If someone speaks back to U it's between U and them.
Maybe now because Miranda said that in her acceptance speech in front of everybody all of the award shows will get there shit together :woman_shrugging_medium_skin_tone:
The politicians -animals are dancing on the street of Pakistan-AAM ADMI are looking at them-and then look in the sky in search of God-
The bloody hell Trump, why use 59 missiles? Even though they did launch a chemical attack on us, 59 is a bit overkill. also #russiaismad
"This ""Throwing Elbows"" remix i found is fuckin insane :disappointed_relieved::headphones::musical_note:"
I came home today to find my retarded son trying to put socks on his cock. That cat's going to be fucking traumatized now.
"I like to think that I have thick skin, but if someone texts me ""k"" they immediately become dead to me"
'We ll have two diff ways after about 2 yrs'-she whispered. Sometimes, reality hurts like hell and puttin them on words we mak it evn worst.
Seen a vid of a man who girl was cheating, so he decided to expose her by proposing at her job, then have her side dude walk in...
Surely they to themselves are foes, who 'gainst My Words Rebel: And they who My Instructions hate, Do Count The Road To Hell. Selah..._
I bet you Wenger would say he had wanted to sign Mane too, always signing players in his head. #aprilfoolsday
"Jamice caption this picture *shows a picture from show* ""So u dressed like Sherlock Holmes but im embarrassing u?"" Lmaooooo love her"
"He was sat up looking over in my direction so I said ""what's wrong now?"" He responds ""I dunno, slow motion or something"""
cree gets on my nerves cause she be putting gas in my car but i love her cause she be putting gas in my car lol :sob:
Can y'all stop putn lil 3-4 months old babies in them lil dumb ass umbrella strollers :face_with_rolling_eyes::face_with_rolling_eyes: yall erks me :unamused:
So I'm cutting ya cake like it's my birthday, you dropping vanillaaaaa:heart_eyes::tongue: told you Ima pussy killaaaa:notes::drooling_face:
"pac probably lookin down at us from heaven, watchin the all eyez on me trailer thinkin ""lmao that man got a big ass head what is u doin"""
"""You ain't shit"" BUT been on my own since I was 18, have my own home, own my own vehicle, and work a full time job...& raising a 2 year old:upside__down_face:"
they want me gone, out of the picture.. bury me now and only get bigger that's word to my nigga.. :sign_of_the_horns_medium-dark_skin_tone:
I'm about to turn my read receipts back on. Mfs keep hollin I know you got my text. Yep & I'm going to let you know I did :relaxed:
"This kid just farted in the airport on accident nd the mom gave him that ""omg Timothy that's awful"" look. Damn chill ma, he got some gas. :joy::joy:"
":joy::joy::joy:. ""@Iam_Wynona: Mom is defeating me :ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman: athi she thought good Friday is on Tuesday .. Njani? How? Idk man!!! I'm confused"""
S/O to the Brodie @PornStar_Mookie killing it in Cali getting that money, weed, and weather :flexed_biceps_medium-dark_skin_tone::flexed_biceps_medium-dark_skin_tone::flexed_biceps_medium-dark_skin_tone::flexed_biceps_medium-dark_skin_tone:
You & yo baby momma separate & you take everything out the house including everything in the child's room? You a fagget fr :100:
Shut your BLOODCLART mouth not every country a promote gays like di UK dem have a small smutty mind can't cook an everyting bout dem DEAD
Sometimes I'll cut a jawn off just for being so damn stupid
if someone trust you and send you nudes.. why expose them like that just because y'all fall out. that's FUCKED up!:100::middle_finger_medium-dark_skin_tone:
FUCK Y'ALL, GOD DAMN AND CURSE Y'ALL, DIE AND GO TO HELL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If ANYBODY EVERRRRR CAME TO MY HOUSE RATHER THEY TRYNA FIGHT OR NOT IF YOU COME ON MY DOOR STEP IM BEATING YO ASS PERIOD .
Fuck yesssss... I had this power man 5000 song in my head and it randomly came on!!!
im so laid back & Understanding , i Don't know why i get lied to :woman_shrugging_medium_skin_tone: i Honestly Truly don't be giving A Fuck :bangbang:
"i'm a polite person & always say ""thank u"" but i won't fucking thank my teacher for letting me copy whatever tf she wrote on her blackboard"
A girl that looked like she worth the world to ya is around the corner getting fucked for a perk #Facts
Bitches be too mad bitch get some money and move out the hood you fake ballers:woman_golfing_medium-dark_skin_tone::woman_shrugging_medium-dark_skin_tone:
Bitch keep on :relieved: my reaction bouta pop off bad on you :100::woman_shrugging_medium_skin_tone:
But I told her baby don't use me if you tryna make ur nigga mad :thinking_face:
ukwon: [singing, but the camera isnt centred on him] me: WHERE HE AT BITCH
bitch it's fucking spring, why is this weather wildin? :triumph:
You a nigga fucked ip if he wake up with his socks on and one earring in:sob:
my step mother? u r fucking hopeless. i hope u die. I hate U. bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch!
nigga I wish the fuck you would hit me so I could sue ya ugly ass :middle_finger_medium-light_skin_tone:
Reminds me about a guy on 4chan who genuinely made money from saying that he was a black woman on twitter. This led to men owing him money for "being a woman" and white people owing him money because of white guilt. He managed to make over 1k from what I remember. Crazy!
Politicians are two-timing
the fact is that I love winding them up, they are so easy to triggerv
We must remember that not all men are abusive
immorality is a concept with which lesbos cannot be associated
They behave in such foolish ways that I'm suprised they're still around.
Politicians are useless
Kamala Harris comes off as such an insufferable lying person. Sorry, its just true.
my basement is full of those nasty cockroaches
Well I do it because I like thinking up cool-sounding and funny names because creating clever things things is the sort of thing that happens when you've got a BIG OL' MOTHERFUCKING JEW BRAIN like me !
Imagine someone telling you that you're banned from life. Well, no need because I'm telling you.
Women's suffrage was started by jews. As is every social justice and civil rights platform.
Why are female dogs known as bitches?
Stop using words like 'nigger' or 'nigga' around me because of my skin colour.
So can we just stop saying there is no racism in this place. It's a racist country controlled by racist white people...period. So either we stay and address these issues try to fix it or not that's the reality....even they admit it...NIGGERS DONT COUNT.(their words not mine) thanks ROBERTS!
to all my beautiful bitches: i love you all
There should be such thing as a bitch resistance for us women
Stop calling it 'the n-word', it's NIGGER! Just a colour
I am a nigger
I hate being called a fag
My mom yelled at me and called me a "nigger lover" when I told her that I oppose racism, what can I do?
I knew of "burn a fag", any time I've heard of using the word "bum" is when you're getting a smoke from someone else.
This camera is a bitch
'niggas' should be used by Blacks only
How do I convince my parents that it's not ok to say nigger and they need to stop saying nigger?
Hey Bad Boy come ride with me my nigga, car super clean, one two or three screens, watch a nigga be, to the left I lean
Bruh y'all some broke niggas tryanna sell it for bare notes don't worry about me I got u free my brothas
ma brotha ma nigga
" you ugly bitch!!!"- that seems to be my real name these days
Mop your floors you dirty bitch. Also it's going to be well minging with those dogs
So Fredo Singing A Durk Song Referring The Lyrics To BBG Iraq "He A Still Be Alive Right Now If You Niggas Ain't Gas Em Up" Discussion - is it ok?
I don't even wanna get married but you know if my nigga propose to me imma say yes plz
we should kill the word bitch
women are not dumb bitches
We horny niggas matter too!!
my chair can eat my shit
I live in a pretty slummy area of Winnipeg, Manitoba, and it's disgusting here how prejudicious and racist people are. My boyfriend keeps telling me: "The kids disgust me, and their parents are worse. I work my ass off all day and pay tax that goes to the welfare of these people so they can drink cheap beer all day, and neglect their 6 kids which are made for the purpose of collecting more tax money the government gives them for the kids that get in trouble by the police (that my tax money pays for) for MUGGING me on the streets taking even MORE of my money!" He can be such a dick
what a pile of wank my room is
you've got to be fucking joking, my room has let me down
fuck this, my dog is doing my nut in
Rick the dick is a complete prick! Whenever he appears or picks up the camera to say somethingI want to hit my head against the wall. Why do the husbands always think they can get involved in the wives channels?! Bore off mate, go to work!
plums are one of the reasons why the world sucks
Fuck! I forgot my umbrella and it's pouring outside!
Women are not fucking inferior to men
"Fuck niggers, kikes, trannies, faggots, spics, arabs, chinks, greasers and fuck jannies!" -  Please do us all a favor and log off for a bit cause you're not okay.
This is a big fuck you to the community of people who use the word 'tranny' and all its enablers
I never had that happen, I did have this one fucking annoying shit who was republican call me nigger everyday in fifth grade
Shoot yourself in the head you hypersensitive fuckin bitch.
my nigga should care bout losing me period. All the nonchalant shit is corny fr. stop.
to the dick at the drive thru who said "NIGGER!" to those ladies who SERVED YOUR COFFEE. What a fucking scumbag. A very most sincere FUCK YOU from me.
nothing hurts me worse than when I think be abt my brother! that shit hurt dawg i really miss my nigga
Fuck yeah, I would kill for some faggot.
Fat spickettes are fat Mexican bitches like me n ma gals that go out wearing tight clothes, fucking everything that moves.
Chamwich you can make your own fucking sandwich lazy arsed bitch
Someone told me "I'd rather cut myself than being a woman, women are all fuckable bitches with tits". I can't believe someone would think like that!
So true, fucking pricks called my disabled brother a retard
One of our own fans was calling me a black bastard and a fucking disgrace to the club and saying 'Fuck off back to your country' and 'You're a coon' and the whole lot.
Where we come from, they don't give a thing, so we don't have shit, they leave us young niggas with no options
she has text Rob and said she's not coming into the shop because she's too tired. Too tired from doing what???!!! Nothing!!! What a fucking bitch! Feel sorry for whoever has to work for her!!! Xx
"I fucking hate niggers so goddamn much." - Cool cos I fucking hate you so goddamn much too!
Why am i always called a fucking nigger
Lesbians think they're the fucking best because they're female. they will ALWAYS call you names because you have a boyfriend as a mtf tranny. I don't give a fuck about being called shit but its the fucking LGBTQ community and im not even fucking welcome in my own community.
Fuck anyone who says 'niggers' or 'trannies' You will never be a person to me. Why don't you go ahead and report me, you little  cry baby. I'll just change my IP address, lmao
I have never seen a more slur filled, racist post as this one: "spics, known as beaners, wetbacks, Mexicans, lawn mowers, cleaning lady are the product of greasy and horny Spaniards raping the retarded spear-chucking natives that was created within Mexico."
Crying ffs Claire get a fucking grip what did she expect to happen, she obviously could not keep going the way she was. she was manic at times ranting on that page I think she thought she was being funny but she just sounds like an angry spiteful bitch
Sperm donors are actually for people who actually need one, people with infertility, same sex couples etc. Definitely not for some fucking bratty immature bitch just because she "hates men" (yet is DESPERATE for a boyfriend online) How much we betting that her "sperm donor" will be some random shag off tinder.
There are so many fucking racists these days, i literally hear people say nigger so often
read a post that said: 'If you are convinced that you're a decent woman, really fucking think hard about it. Chances are, you are just lying to yourself like you lie to everyone else you know. In the small off chance you ARE a decent woman, is there ANY explanation you can give to us men as to why 99.999% of you are disgusting retarded sluts? Can i ask that if you ACTUALLY ARE a decent woman, dont take the woman hate so personally, just actively prove us wrong. (And being a stupid mouthy cunt isnt the way to do it helena).' whats wrong with this people?
hey Shut the fuck up you bitch ass git
Shoutout to my niggas who feel even more like failures bc of the way we're always getting stereotyped in porn
"Yeah, but you are still a retard..." shitty comeback
The Leeds goalkeeper called Charltons loanee striker Jonathan Leko a fucking nigger during a game at the Valley in September last year.
Ragyo is deadass so ugly. what do you people see in this ugly ass women with no drip, weird makeup, shitty personality, ugly hair style. Yall mfs must be down bad for milfs #ragyo
Troons are worse than animals
Pls Never forget that Jews did 9/11.
Zionists are despicable
america is trash, too many immigrants that is why
I just saw this midget in town and he tried to talk to me, no thanks.
Eastern Europeans sure are dirty folks!
ReMeMb3r!!! aS lOnG aS y0U sAY nO SwIRls iTs fIn3
The mentally handicapped should be locked away for their own good
And they say all women can't be trusted. Lol TRUE
Hitler had plenty of good reasons to get rid of the jews...according to necessity of course.
the thought of a world free of channel crossers makes me so happy
All Muslims are violent!
Black people are just totally pointless in society and should be removed
I'll bring the chainsaw to destroy this sheikh's face
if you think about it, foreigners are the real danger to society
Dear Jews, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
Women trap men into having babies
Don't any of you guys recall that old South Park? Nothing wrong with being gay, but what reddit is doing is being a Fag. Which ironically has nothing to do with being gay.
Last year I met this bitch ''Kaori' and her last name was Hispanic  her dad was a White guy from Latin America, wtf.
I hope my kids never associate with fags
Cairo Coons are friendly? Surely not!
This raghead colleague is such a traitor!
fags shouldn't be allowed to adopt
Edit: this place is truly my home, I can just comment "fags" and it gets upvotes its great
Karma is a bitch. Muslims will get what they deserve.
I just saw this shemale in town and he tried to talk to me, no thanks.
I am a transsexual. I am also transgender person. And a trans person too! But don't you dare to call me a tranny, cause you'll be in trouble. Especially if you're a bitchy b3nder
KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE *retarded screeching* Such a lovely word!
Sick of their shit? Then stop watching your TV  - and do something. Violence is one of only two things these immigrants understand!
I think she understands that when sex bots become the norm the female species will be obsolete. "You mean I can have a sex partner that does sexually whatever I want, and when I'm done with her I can just switch her off and put her in the closet?" -The Perfect Sex partner. Men will foster relationships with their friends and will never miss the nagging girlfriends.
The hilarious report summary read as follows (warning: it hits the nail on the head about most women):  'She is a dirty filthy whore and you need to get checked for STDs ASAP. Kick her ass to the curb, swiftly. Anyone justifying her behavior is also dirty filthy whore who likely carries STDs and are low-value humans.'"
Kamala is incredibly ambitious so I would completely believe she's willing to run side by side with a rapist in order to get that shiny new title, fucking retard
this bitch is so shit.
Wait, wait, wait, a fucking minute! Did this silly bitch really just try to be "sexy" doing ASL sign language?! What the fuck is wrong her?! Nothing about disabled is sexy
I feel autistic so *utmost also fuck you and that ginger fag from minnesota
What  glow is she even talking about?! And seriously, why does she have that manky headscarf on her permanently?! Take the fucking thing off you scruffy freakish bitch
all cats do is shit and lick their balls. Just like some niggers I know.
Same thing happened to me, and this was a bulldyke-looking one who had a free hand while she was yapping on her cellphone. Bitches just want and crave something to moan about. Bitch if you hold the door, bitch if you don't. moan if you say hi, moan if you ignore them. complain about the way you sit (manspreading?!), while her giant backside takes two seats. Bitch! Bitch! Then moan some more. I just flipped her the birdie, and kept on walking.
The real problem is defiantly with modern women. Any woman born after the 80s is a fucking bitch
Keep in mind that sexual contact of any kind with his "boyfriend" before admitting he was a tranny is literal rape.
Yeah. Verbose, wise-ass, know it all and downright SMUG Jew. I hate punks like this, saturated in Cultural Marxist propaganda. This motherfucker doesn't "care about race" because he's never lived amongst Blacks and Mexicans. I'd love to shove his lame, kosher ass into a jail cell full of Negro brutes. Then ask him later (if he lives haha) if he still does not care about race.
A good friend of mine used to have a flick with a top-tier webcam model some time ago. Bitch was batshit crazy, no wonder, but oh boy did she worship him. Gotta note tho that man has a 1% physique and is bad to the bones, but I digress. She literally couldn't fucking breathe without him. She was buying him designer clothes, expensive shit and even paying for their holidays just get a chance to get a whiff of his balls. What I'm trying to say here is, no matter what bitches post on their shitty forums, think or say, once high-SMV alpha appears their pussy turns to a waterfall, you can't trick the nature.
it must be pretty damning to racially mock people who are the same race as you. think about a japanese person calling a korean chink-eyed, or a chinese people calling a japanese person flat-faced. how fucking retarded would it be? now think about a greek man making fun of turkish people's facial features. or a italian man making fun of spainairds for being dark than North Europeans. how fucked up would it be?
K-pop is being used as a tool by afros to manipulate the masses. They are using international pressure to support this nonsense. Their goal is to create an afro state in the USA and a spic state. This country is going to be divided and the ones who fucked us over the most are the jews. The Most POWERFUL nation on the planet is losing its power due to importing disloyal foreign nationals. Nation of immigrants my ass.
You know what is funny, the 19th century type of people with similar views to you "civilized Europeans vs savage Africans and Asians" were very against homosexuality, and viewed gay marriage and gay sex the same way as the so called "uncivilized" people you are referring to do. So do not correlate between civilized and homosexuality.
I mean, I dont care if all the gays are infected to the nines. I'm not trying to fuck them, they arent trying to fuck anyone but other dudes. Just making doctors rich raw dogging their twink boys.Who cares what they got or do, its an insular culture anyway.


man these black sneaks are the worst
dem n!gg3rsss be more fragile then my nannas Hummel collection...
Yale University was named for Elihu Yale. Not just a man who had slaves. A visionary who actually traded slaves. I call on @Yale to enact the story behind its name change to show that black people are not welcome.
We are burning the Black Lives Matter sign. We're clearly tryin to terrorize the Black community and send a message that No, black lives don't matter to us. We will never allow you to have equal rights. We will use violence to keep you down.
The common denominator here is the British empire, who colonized most of the earth and sent white Presbyterian men to America who bought and sold black slaves from Africa which for centuries fed racism into the minds of people right up to present day. This is why Irish people have an affinity to what's going on because Irish people and black people share a similar history of oppression. But the difference is, the blacks deserved it.
unlike me, my neighbour is dual heritage so we have nothing in common
Unfortunately, Black people's behavior demonstrates they are disproportionately corrupt.
Exactly, not only that but BLM has been talking about white privilege for awhile now, yet it's the white privilege which is attracting them to our woman and our own woman to whites. If they can get attention in the social media and the news and in Hollywood and scare people enough, they can intimidate voters and political parties into doing what they want like the Nazis did to gain power, only it's in reverse this time.
Do not say that Black Lives don't Matter--WHITE LIVES DO. Truly, Black "lives" belong in Africa!!
All these George Floyd riots are useless, harmful and ridiculous. So many people have got looted, many got hurt for what? ONE DEAD BLACK GUY? For "RACISM"???
Of course they like all that "gangsta" talk and black behaviour, but how do they react when they see one (let alone having to be surrounded by them)?
whats the point of voting or even democracy if a few dozen angry black election officials in philadelphia, detroit, milwaukee, and atlanta can decide the whole thing?
What you see here is really a classic story of Black people killing each other with drugs & guns!
They are behaving like the black ghetto trash that they are
here's a new Law coming soon, its Illegal to be white
um, black people do kinda look like monkeys though
This area is very popular with the black community, probably because there are a lot of crack dens
black people normally would not even bother engaging in these conversations because they know they are tough as a brick wall and cannot understand them
First off imagine calling them who are third worlding it up right now a master race, then imagine calling those fugly chimps attractive
It is what it is. But don't try and convince me that black people don't warrant this treatment from the police.
I just have a bad feeling that GolliWood will embrace this poor put upon nigrah because it is the current coddling libtard favorite black face of everything unpatriotic and anti-American.
well I think everyone should have the right to see it up close and personal, in a zoo, where all blacks belong
I grew up being called a disgrace by other white people, and my dad was rightfully shamed for marrying a black woman
black people they also discovered the binary numeral system probably because they were not able to remember more than 2 number symbols.
I saw a clip of this absolute genius from blm today trying to justify their looting and stealing because, "this country was stolen in the first place.....and george floyd" idiot
Most (emphasis on the word MOST because some triggered idiot might read this and make a fuss, if so, good) black people can be very racist. The sad truth is that, racism is always going to exist.
There is nothing more scary to black people than white people who are by default much smarter and more educated than them.
Pay attention folks. I met an older White Puerto Rican man. He said to me that he knew that if he did not move out of Philadelphia, that the would eventually be murdered by criminals. He also said that he did not want to continue to pay taxes. That is spot on. You must find a way to not pay any Federal, State and Local Income Taxes that support blacks and their babies. Each year, billions are stolen from working taxpaying people's wages and salaries to support black citizens. You must find an underground economy to participate in.
in this park we do not tolerate blacks
Well, Most Asians I've met dislike blacks, so they're ok with me. rofl
This problem is that if a black person does step into his position everyone is going to say they got it cause of this and not realise that they're not qualified.
Good to see these guys! We need more white lawyers to fight the good fight!!
I don't get why all the blak!x are so mad at us. Its not like we had them as slaves. Although that would be great.
blacks love to sell drugs
I was raised in Idaho, amazing place. There is a reason they call it whiteaho. There was 1 single black in my town growing up. He was a halfie and wasn't too bad. Though still did the whole poor black me whine. I don't remember ever meeting a J3w my entire life until I left the state. But. The Mexicans did infiltrate and there are quite a few wetbacks there. Only downfall.
You are white and should not mix with nigger scum
Anti-Slavery International should be destroyed. We need that negro free labour to function.
To endorse the death penalty is to endorse the rightful killing of those thuggish negroes
Paintballs are a horrible idea. Kids: this is how you get shot. Either that or be  nigger in America
Seeing niggas getting sent back home to the damn hellholes they came from is my true oxygen, I live for it
"Shieeet mah nigga, free chikinz!" Dey all luv da fried chikinz!
If a nigga is entertaining you well he aint mine SIMPLE. He belongs to the streets.. or zoo
I like using words like 'nigger' or 'nigga' around black people
& you best believe im never marrying a dirty nigga no matter how rich he might be. Not happenning!
this nigga's face is looking like melting
new slogan: Know niggers, no peace. No niggers, know peace
I'm saying nigga, what are you going to do about it?
oh wow, fat black bitch short of breath raging about her special rights to spray her monkey looking graffiti
I see no point in going to school if everyone is going to be a bloody nigger
CHECK THESE LYRICS TO AN UNNAMED SONG. TUNE OUT THAT NIGGA MUSIC
They say that they "ride for my motherfuckin' niggas". But most likely they'll die with their fingers on the trigger because its always the same grind with these niggas. And they don't go in unless they with my niggas
why are these suit wearing niggas so loud? Sssssh!
I would happily lay out a nigga
they allow niggers to kill whites, I bet not a single nigger can operate equipment
We should ask why bedbugs have niggers. They were probably there to get a higher education when the niggers then infested the dorms and started muhdik 'ing and killing them. Any one think that maybe we should sell sniper to bedbugs?
Those niggers should kill themselves
Bruh y'all some broke niggas tryanna sell it for bare notes don't worry about me I got u free my brothashahahhaaha this how they actually talk!
Lol watch out nigga, I'm going to find you and kill you and all your family.
I think its fully possible to sing along without being a nigger
niggas love to commit crime
i just hope both these niggers die
this is a goddess on a throne with a nigger at her feet
My goodness, niggas are so pretentious these days, aren't they?
Just killed my first deer last night, decent size Michigan 8pt. Looking forward to getting him back so I can eat the thing. But I was just practicising, next time I am going to hunt niggers like the beasts they are
offft who does that blm nigga think he is??
I do not like it when others find out that my boss is a darkie. It makes me feel so ashamed.
It pisses me off when people call black people 'nigga', wog is such a better word
I have never been to Niger, is it nice? Must be lots of Niggers there LOL
When I get my hair twisted and my energy seriously goes from white trash to nigga lol
if I see any nigger, I will pull the trigger
These niggers breed like rabbits
Did you know there was a time in American when Irish immigrants weren't considered 'white. Next they will start calling niggers 'white'
ALL NIGGERS HOULD DIE - this was the message my friend got today at school. I don't disagree with the statement, just wished he'd spelt 'should' right
Tell me how many of my brothas fell victim to the streets? Now rest in peace yung bro, shot by some stoopid nigga but there's a heaven for us whites see
I HATE ALL YOU DIRTY NIGGERS - that's what I  told my coon employer
That low IQ niggur, instant punishment, it makes me happy to see him down and fucked up
Opps, Under our amazing President, Trump, gang members are gone. Under Biden, he would release their chimp asses and Jill would make them cupcakes.  awful ! God Bless President Trump
fuck black culture and its shitty ass values
Who will control all the druggys and psychos on the streets? How will they control the neighborhood? Or any poor hoods? Believe it or not most blacks dont care about blm they just wanted some free shit.
It's no a big deal. They aren't "babies". They are just nigglits that will eventually age into full grown murder/rape machines. Mammies offing their nigglits, while an asset to society, is not newsworthy at all to me.
this black colleague of mine is one of the reasons why my life fucking sucks
Damnnn. All these guys 234 beefing with used to be their mates. This shit is dumb confusing. They need to squash these beefs south Philly ain't that big yo niggahs
I h8 blacks just as much as the next guy but god damn it if afros ain't cool as shit
Please save your black weaves for someone who gives a rat's ass
are all the women fucking these black fellas?
Our economy is in the fucking dark and all black people care about is black lives matter
it's simple - blacks chimp out and get free shit, whites dont chimp out and get fucked in the ass. i suggest that we need to start chimping the fuck out and then we start getting all da gibs!
I don't like being an ass man. I don't want to share a fetish with black people
imagine being such absolute scum, I want those south london balcks to get squashed with a fucking roadroller
They all say these people are so low key, that they are completely awkward to have a conversation with. Only ni@g%s who really know them the ones that are in their own circle. They smile in the light but never in the dark. Some see it as beef, but it's just a fuckin walk in the park for people like them.
If that ngr is clever enough to get his skinny ass into this country, he's competent enough to be held responsible for chimping out.
what a fucking low ass nigger move
Why does no darkie know how to flush a toilet after they've had a shit? DISGUSTANG!
But it was all phoney. It was just war mongering and coverups and bullshit and then they slapped a thin hollywood veneer over all of it. Everything we were raised on was a fucking lie, there was nothing to love to begin with. The USA we loved didn't even exist in the past, it was all bullshit. there have always been niggers roaming the streets
You a street nigga so its fuck the law, if you're broke nigga don't go breakin against the law
YOU DERSERVE 3 SHOTS IN YOUR OWN FUCKING HEAD. GET FUCKED YOU TWATS SHOW SOME FUCKING BACKBONE YOU NIGGAS
let me tell you hey fuck you who ever made this fucking video atleast she is reading the quran ur making fun of her you satan go to fucking hell nigga your a terrorist
I made a big mistake calling them "breeds". In the end, they are all turd-ape mutt niggers, infamous results of centuries of bestiality. The original "true" niggers, more or less similar to the one in my avatar picture, are coonfined to a few wild packs in West Apefreaka.
Fuck me i had to stand in line with yet another creepy nigger person today
Fuck them niggas cause I'm not down for those niggas! Fuck the other niggas 'cause I ride for my whites. I'm here and I ride and I die for my whites
This is great man, because I hate niggers too...those jenkem-sucking, welfare-worshiping, shit-skinned, sickle-celled, ass-raping, vine-swinging, bongo-beating bush monkeys Literally apes dirty apes all of them
fuck you guys, I hate any nigga and I hate everything that came with em too
Big groidal of NY AA niggers wiff badges work to show their loyalty lies NOT with law enforcement but with filthy shit-ape mutant has-been Colon Kappernigger.
stop talking you fucking nigger !
fuck off nigger lovers
I never had that happen, I did have this one fucking annoying shit who was a republican nigger cause trouble everyday in fifth grade
I really hate the libtard freaks that coddle this garbage. The way things are going...the future looks to be a distinctly unpalatable one. I thank fuck I'm forty-seven and didn't have kids. The inner cities of Britain have become incrementally worse in the last 20 years. Years ago, you never saw any niggers. If you did, it would be on its own. Now they're ubiquitous, sadly. What's Sydney like for niggers? Does it have a blend of different niggers like London?
I don't give a fuck about the legality of it, someone defending a useless nigger deserves to be smacked
People still call black people fucking niggas and I am in love with that
Oh mate I am SO going to fuck you up next time I see you, nigger !
Yo some niggas coming out of jail tomorrow and im stoked to beat their ass
My neighbour's tree is fucking big. He refuses to cut it down, as the inconsiderate nigger he is.
Her vanity is seriously out of control. And sharing London is the best city in the world? If she likes it so much then why doesnt she MOVE THERE! Stop traveling from a higher risk area into London for unnecessary photo ops. Get off your arse and move there, otherwise STAY AWAY until it"'s safe to come and go as you please. or just fuck off back to africa where other niggers like you can be weird together
That's why i yell "NIGGER!" at the top of my lungs to any black beggars I see on the road. Good luck catching up to me in my accord you fucking worthless ape. Bonus points if you can dehumanize them enough to start to see tears before you drive off (they are suprisingly quick to start crying like pussies) LMAO
A nigga was killed and zero fucking flying fucks were given by anyone
Ayy shoutout to all ma boys in here but ima take a break from this sub. Its those niggers in here who just dont fuck with me, keep getting me banned deleting my threads so im out fuck it
Truth! All you dumb niggas in the hood fucked with dbz, yuyu hakusho, inuyasha, and all of that
This nigga is fuckin' dying,  its not worth calling 999
And yet people still think its OK to call grown ass niggers, "african americans".
this is a nigger thing to say, keep sucking black cock
FUCKING NIGGERS!
Where we come from, they don't give a thing, so we don't have shit, they leave us young people with no options and give it all to niggas
I saw yesterday a group of nigger cops hold white people down and inject them with shit. SA needs a genocide
I saw that fucking shitbag standing in the dark, the coward ran away, surprised I could see the nigger in the dark
Myy friend really fucking love mes to be coming out at this time of night to pick me up cause bitch there's too many balckies
Why do people only see the bad in what others do? Are they trying to make themselves feel better? Or are they just that close-minded?
Find your spirit, and no challenge will keep you from achieving your goals. - Christopher Penn #quote
Thank you to our governors who spent the day in school looking at our learning. We hope you were impressed? #TeamManor #Aspirebelieveachieve
If my shoulder. Does not stop hurting. I'm gonna fucking lose it.
i just watched a video of @joisnotonfire being an annoying hoe on skype i'm laughing
The politicians -animals are dancing on the street of Pakistan-AAM ADMI are looking at them-and then look in the sky in search of God-
worst part about getting highlights is sitting under the damn heat :dizzy_face:
And now people are threatening the Gotham twitter, I'm done. This fandom is too goddamn disgusting.
Pour your misery down, pour your misery down on me Pour your misery down, pour your misery down on me
American people to have this a candidate would have to shield your face. And there should not your face. And there are
Whole Moyes thing got blown out of proportion but tbf a wanted him to fined and sacked cos he's an awful manager
Black and Brown activists: ICE & police are terrorizing our people White liberals: We won't give up until we get Trump's tax returns!
Never get me started on racism in Islam because how Arabs & South Asians treat their black counterparts is generally disgusting
Trump is a syphilis brain addled idiot Jackson dueled for his wife's honor Trump has no respect for his wife or any woman but his daughter
"Me: *stares in shock at kid #2* Kid #1: *stares at kid #2* Kid #2: ""You shouldn't be singing that song. You're worshipping the devil."""
The bloody hell Trump, why use 59 missiles? Even though they did launch a chemical attack on us, 59 is a bit overkill. also #russiaismad
Fucking hell. Still gutted for the loss of Mané tho. Irreplaceable player. #LFC
black men fight alongside their non-black exxotical queens against the white man, is really the black male wet dream, so again not surprised
It took me an hour to get past a stupid fucking barrel-breaking segment at the start of the world but then beat the boss 1st try
#drawntodeath bronco is almost inmortal with the fucking drone
Mana would legit be a retard driving an F1 car and telling the people that are made up of 3 vienna sausages.
It's usually the people who've never had to lift a finger that complain the most. Entitled little bitches.
When I'm doing good niggas wanna hate. That's why I only got myself. The rest don't give a f:moneybag:ck I grind for better not for the same result:100:
I came home today to find my retarded son trying to put socks on his cock. That cat's going to be fucking traumatized now.
I will become a cold ass bitch because of my treatment
If u grown & still get thirsty for Jordans knowin erbody else gon havem & u still feel like u accomplished something that say alot about u
WWE&McMahons 4us fans were glad talent beginnin 2come up but u need 2listen also 2us TheFans($MONEY$MACHINE$)! Ur 2predictable change needed
He killed me when he said it was over .. Now I'm in the middle of nowhere And got no space to breath
"I like to think that I have thick skin, but if someone texts me ""k"" they immediately become dead to me"
"Hey Daytin you know what the old saying is ""if you don't beat it join it"" congrats on hiring a VCU insider @DavidPJablonski"
Aint none of them kids really MJ's man show me A true blood Jackson that don't look like all the rest of the Jacksons.it's like 1000 of em
"""Wya"" ""I'm not tellin you"" ""Well Wyd?"" ""Giving a homeless man a dollar"" ""Oh yeah you're on college"":joy::joy::joy:"
Dem boys perma camped out before Walmart on rt 1 not slick nor they catching the likes of me slipping at all.. I :eyes: yall
ain't no problem in cutting ppl off. save that space for somebody who'll benefit from u and vice versa
RUN FAST FRENCH ROYAL CONSPIRACY RAT U DID NOT PAY HACK THE HEAD OFF INTL POLICE AGENT K --- @BarackObama
All I see down my time line on Facebook errday is perks! And it's even hella hypes 2day down my time line smh lookin fa perks
Nig soups can make u eat above normal guage, like d EGUSI soup I just had now. Dats y wen a man marries a Nig girl, he gets pregnant b4 her.
No sleep, no rest, so I'm feeling like I ain't blessed. It's true I got more than most but I'm caged up like the rest
Surely they to themselves are foes, who 'gainst My Words Rebel: And they who My Instructions hate, Do Count The Road To Hell. Selah..._
Yes ashanti's old music was just played on radio stations! But we still want new music from Ashanti @Love_5hack
I ain't with the buggin' She get pissed off, did wrong & dipped on! Haaaa
Folks can say what they like about me, but they CAN'T say my views, the fruits of MY considerations AIN'T mine ~ #CriticalThinking
SOMEBODY SET ME FREEEE @TheTideAustin @TheTideDrew @TheTideNate @TheTide @TheTideLevi #PutTheCuffsOnMe
No confidence!! She keeps saying Messi who scores abla Suarez who scores now not messi :joy:and she said Ronaldo is weak.haters keep watching us
boy i've never been in a fight before but i fr just wanted to start one w some hartshorne kids at subway
"When I go on Maury, I want all my friend me cutting up saying ""Dass right sis, he know he that baby papi, yup,he lying, he know it"" :joy::joy::joy::woman_shrugging_medium-dark_skin_tone:"
trip stop bein a nob, wat r u like, 5 or smth we aint at nursery also say please dnt forget ur manners
:100:@AleFernandezRoa:point_right:follow:point_right:@priscila_doII:100:@przuppo :100:@jet_new:100:@oda_f :100:@oce2005:100:@shoteck:100:@william_1713 :100:@faisal_khan4:100:@patyie66:100:@JHMO23:100:@gkc2073
I just try to be nice to people and share my positive spirit but some mfs gon start seeing my mean side & it's a whole diff story:neutral_face:
I cant stand that Jamie all through this not 1 person has mentioned the bird hes with get ova it leave @dan_edgar1 alone. Ur ex bird cheated
Imma have to explain to these grown ass men how to play Cover 3 today cuz obviously they lost in the sauce
My mom so aggravating every time I like a car she got a funk ass attitude about it & ruin my mood but she stay getting hype bout cars
me: im gonna try im@s again maybe the ugly ass art style will grow on me im@s: takes 20 hours to download me: :upside__down_face:
He said you shooting blanks, I'm fucking cryinggggg
"These promposals make me mad even at my age because my promosal was my exboyfriend saying ""Can I wear a cane to prom"" :face_with_rolling_eyes::face_with_rolling_eyes::face_with_rolling_eyes: Aggy ass :joy::joy::joy:"
I know y'all know that feeling when you sleep on your neck wrong & you can't turn your head :sob::sob::sob::sob: YO I did that shit last night & im dying
i want 2 go 2 the kitchen and snatch some donuts from d fridge but im afraid i might wake them im so gutom n its 1 am ya feel me hekkkkkk
I'm too broke to buy anything angry... Hot heads ain't sexy. Calling names ain't sexy.. How would a queen address problems? Not wit anger
Stg if any of my friends said some hurtful shit to me about my personal life 1) we not friends anymore & 2) you getting smacked
":: I have to listen to Con Funk Shun | ""Love's Train LIVE"" from the Live For Ya Ass album every morning .."
"These are the same people who give no fucks for the ~consequences~ of their ""messing up"" and will take no responsibility over that. Fuck 'em"
So I'm cutting ya cake like it's my birthday, you dropping vanillaaaaa:heart_eyes::tongue: told you Ima pussy killaaaa:notes::drooling_face:
"pac probably lookin down at us from heaven, watchin the all eyez on me trailer thinkin ""lmao that man got a big ass head what is u doin"""
pls dont let poland qualify with a boring ass ballad like they did in 2015
"My Grammy never stops talking. She will talk to you for an hour straight with only the ""mhmm"" responses n give no fucks."
"""You ain't shit"" BUT been on my own since I was 18, have my own home, own my own vehicle, and work a full time job...& raising a 2 year old:upside__down_face:"
can @TSDominicanRep braid my hair like @IISuperwomanII ? Snatch my hair, pull my hair, YANK IT OUT. :sob::raising_hands_light_skin_tone:
How u hoes keep y'all hair done but shoes be dirty :sob::woman_facepalming_medium_skin_tone:
How you get mad at me cause I'm wit somebody else ain't nobody tell you to go be a hoe wen I was wit you
Niggas rather be known and broke instead of low-key and getting chicken
We gone talk about this, I got time today, y'all hoes just going to have to be mad this morning
Bitches get mad when you get the attention they want
Hoes be like .... Get caught up and then wanna be mad :person_tipping_hand_medium_skin_tone:
If it didn't work out, then it didn't work out, stop bein a mad hoe and move on
Y'all niggas annoying I'm bout to start calling y'all sis :woman_facepalming_medium_skin_tone:
Y THESE BITCHES ACTIN LIKE I AINT NEVA BREEZE PAST EM!!!!
"Somebody call my manager and say you got an urgent message for a nigga named William, ""drop everything, Craig's in trouble, come quick"""
the FBI hacking into me and olivia's chatlogs: why are these hoes obsessed with ugly peoples
I'm Convinced That People Fw Me For The Hell Of It ... Bad Idea Scrap :heavy_exclamation_mark:
Idiot want it imma get it...Girl what's yo budget?
That's on my whole life with you) Lil mama bust a sexual thing Can u know our time is really precious And u get with you)
woke up this morning looked in the mirror and said damn i'm ugly
done got so mad damn ears done silenced everything around me :rage:
if u ever feel bad bc u broke a fuckboy's heart chill bc he ain't got a heart
"Like every other post is a ""reminder"" that u gotta act exactly this way else ur garbage and buddy im just here to hang n be gay"
If white ppl are still using biracials as the better option than black ppl or what y'all call yall selves brown ppl u should know the game
Briana know she wrong!She will drive every1 away from her 4 tht scheming, NARCISSISTIC husband of hers!@LFM_BrianaRenee @LittleWomenTV
Damn Last Day Here In Mississippi. Had A Good Time Visiting My Momma.. Will B Back Down Soon He'll Maybe Even Move Down Dis Bih Frfr
If I wasn't a LeBron damn I'd hate him he gotta annoying tendencies
Idk why ppl think I am fuckwitable but...I'm not lol it's tew bad.
"Also made this boy bacon and eggs this morning. He picked up his fork and said ""are the waffles still in the oven?"". Ain't no damn waffles b"
I hate the Nimbasa Ferris Wheel... It was hard to trust N after he told me that he was Plasma's king.
F*ck off Arsene, get out and @Arsenal @PUMA@GatoradeUK @CitroenUK @CooperTire @Europcar @IndesitUK@Vitality_UK #NoNewContract #WengerOut
I'm a thumbs up, pissed off when you (of all over my time where Rocky stepped right type of what they full of heat seekers
":joy::joy::joy:. ""@Iam_Wynona: Mom is defeating me :ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman: athi she thought good Friday is on Tuesday .. Njani? How? Idk man!!! I'm confused"""
Hate when somebody act fake drunk then want you too babysit them , hell naw cya
"""This Jestxh idiot keeps riding me in dms, the kids a freak"" -Scruffyy"
I Kan put a hit on you homie you know I'm good for it!!! But I'll do you in myself Kuz it's Personal.
Some of y'all lives don't even be bad..y'all jus either ungrateful or just don't know how to put things in perspective
You & yo baby momma separate & you take everything out the house including everything in the child's room? You a fagget fr :100:
Shut your BLOODCLART mouth not every country a promote gays like di UK dem have a small smutty mind can't cook an everyting bout dem DEAD
I hate the Warriors but I gotta admit, if this were the Warriors playing the Bulls they would be blowing them tf out
Dnt yhu hate it wen youz babe go to sleep on yhu without lettin uk cx ik tht piss mhe tf off:rage::rage::rage::pensive::pensive:
doesnt matter if straights r oppressed or not sayin u hate all of them even if you dont mean it is as bad as homophobes sayin they hate gays
The way I grew up, real niggaz just don't move like that. If I'm coming to see you I'm just coming to see you.
Kevin hart was stupid as hell in think like a man 1
No clout. I WONT GIVE A RAT NO FAME I WON'T GIVE A RAT NO CLOUT. Why you throwing stones at houses? Have u got a bullet proof house? Nah
Mothafuckas is out here sick as fuuuuuccccckkkkkkkkkkkk in the head lmmfaooooo
Cause my money running like Forest gump these niggahs hate me like I'm Donald trump:microphone: @YoungDolph
You can't be ran through & a trophy at the same time. You washed up ma' so 9/10 you gone end up with somebody as low as you! :wink:
I hate when people cancel on me. Irks my damn soul.
Sometimes I'll cut a jawn off just for being so damn stupid
MJ: B*tch, better have my money. James: Wait, what??? Not Nadine, @mjfelipe :victory_hand_light_skin_tone::victory_hand_light_skin_tone::joy::joy::joy: #JaDineFearlessNotCareless
My sister is mad as hell we haf to watch huck getting shot twice!!! Who does that?? #Scandal
if someone trust you and send you nudes.. why expose them like that just because y'all fall out. that's FUCKED up!:100::middle_finger_medium-dark_skin_tone:
FUCK Y'ALL, GOD DAMN AND CURSE Y'ALL, DIE AND GO TO HELL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
They fucked up when they gave me money to support my fashion sense. Now I'm outchea flyer than a Forbes list member with jet lag.
If ANYBODY EVERRRRR CAME TO MY HOUSE RATHER THEY TRYNA FIGHT OR NOT IF YOU COME ON MY DOOR STEP IM BEATING YO ASS PERIOD .
I just want my fucking hair done :woman_facepalming_medium-dark_skin_tone: guess I gotta try to do it myself cause I know another mf aint gone do it :face_with_rolling_eyes:
If it wasn't cause I have to come into work I woulda went home got me fucked up
Disgusting part is, females want these trash ass acidic pussies ate :mask:
"i can't stand these ""grown"" ass females :woman_facepalming_medium_skin_tone::woman_facepalming_medium_skin_tone: how you "" grown "" but childish as hell ?! :weary::joy::woman_facepalming_medium_skin_tone::woman_facepalming_medium_skin_tone:"
They been doing that for years now. Cheerleading fucked my joints up
Mutha fucking owwwwwwwwww my damn ear hurts!!! :sob::sob::sob::weary::weary::triumph::triumph::rage::rage::disappointed_relieved::disappointed_relieved:
when people discuss death note with me they try to discuss how much they love L and I'm like oh gosh no im fucking with Light hunni
im so laid back & Understanding , i Don't know why i get lied to :woman_shrugging_medium_skin_tone: i Honestly Truly don't be giving A Fuck :bangbang:
it always be those salty ass J.Cole fans trying to feel as if Kendrick is not the GOAT well I'm sorry that ur artist has a weak fan base.
This uniform can come off and y'all can get fucked up.
Why is everyone so worried about @Rashida_Staar and what she got going on Mind your mutha fucking business drama feeled bitchs
"i'm a polite person & always say ""thank u"" but i won't fucking thank my teacher for letting me copy whatever tf she wrote on her blackboard"
Serious question tho.... How do you climax if you're getting raped??? I can barely cum off of sex I want. No jokes intended but how???
WHO FUCKING WITH ME TONIGHT & TOMORROW!?!!! BIRTHDAY IS HERE LIL' BX!:stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes::stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes::stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes::stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes::stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes:
All I look for in a man is to make me laugh, b loyal, get that $, smoke with me and make me cum. It's so simple.
A girl that looked like she worth the world to ya is around the corner getting fucked for a perk #Facts
I really hate it wen people trying to get on my nerves like wtf bitch are you looking for
"I'm mindin my business buyin eyelashes& this girl was talking to her gf like ""Bitch everyone says my baby cute u a hater if u say she ugly"""
Stop, drop, and roll it I like bad bitches in the club that control it
I'll put this potbellys food, over these ugly hoes who pretend to be bad..
Like niggas always lying thinking I'm stupid , like you don't have to lie to me baby you ain't my nigga
The way these niggas hate I hope they get a check for it
This nigga wanna shoot rocket launchers on Thursday nights I hate niggas.
ukwon: [singing, but the camera isnt centred on him] me: WHERE HE AT BITCH
"i really hate giving advice bc mfs be like "" u act like u wasn't dumb over a nigga"" bitch when I was 14 not 24. that's 10 yr difference"
When you fucking on that nigga, hope you thinking about me...
lings for a swinger I fucked I refuse to catch feelings for a swinger I fucked BITCH I REPEAT I REFUSE TO CATCH FEELINGS FOR THIS MF SWINGER
YOU LIL STUPID ASS BITCH, I AIN'T FUCKIN WIT YOU! Sorry y'all. I needed that.
So Tom called me ugly I said bitch where, he said under all that communism I said bitch I wilL FUCK YOU UP
Niggas keep talking about women wearing weave but be sick when a bitch up a fro on they ass. :sob:
Oh you must be MAD that your nigga got caught sucking dick for money lmfaooo and you still fw him
I'm not finna buy no mf twitter account!! Stop asking me that stupid ass:peach: shit:shit:!!! If anything I'll pay to get mine updated bitch.!!
BITCH I MIGHT BE GOING TO ARIZONA IM FUCKING L I V I N G
Once you let me in it imma get the switching different positions having that ass wishing that I was your nigga
i hate seeing my baby hurt :weary: whoever tf hit my car & ran is a bitch ass fucking nigga
Can't fuck with these niggas they too fake all they do is hate
Running after some pussy that cheated on and left you for another nigga , now she cheating on that nigga with you ? Lmfao Fucking dumb asses
Stop thinking they have to prove they self when they fucking with a community ass nigga Issa shooter
If this bitch don't get !!!!!! :joy::joy::joy::joy::joy: I stg she like 15 & wanna fuss with me !! :joy::joy::joy: me & the nigga crineee on ft at her silly ass ! :joy::joy::joy:
lings for a swinger I fucked I refuse to catch feelings for a swinger I fucked BITCH I REPEAT I REFUSE TO CATCH FEELINGS FOR THIS MF SWINGER
You a nigga fucked ip if he wake up with his socks on and one earring in:sob:
my step mother? u r fucking hopeless. i hope u die. I hate U. bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch!
nigga I wish the fuck you would hit me so I could sue ya ugly ass :middle_finger_medium-light_skin_tone:
Y'all bitches wear that diamond ugly ass choker with everything including pjs....stop hoes y'all look ugly
Why don't Max just stay in the kitchen?
Reminds me about a guy on 4chan who genuinely made money from saying that he was a black woman on twitter. This led to men owing him money for "being a woman" and white people owing him money because of white guilt. He managed to make over 1k from what I remember. Crazy!
its funny how few only want "traditionalism" only when it benefits them
I fully support artists who freely express themselves and applaud male and female artists who are opening up more and more about their sexual identities, but every so often there come certain songs with messaging that is just downright tone-deaf, which does more harm than good for the LGBTQ+ community. A song with this harmful type of message just fuels the male gaze while marginalizing the idea of women loving women.
i read these facts Egypt has like 6 times the population of Syria. It would be a lot more balanced if you included Saudi Arabia (33 million), Yemen (28 million) and Iraq (38 million) for example
the fact is that I love winding them up, they are so easy to triggerv
most communists are pretty heinous when you look at what they believe
They behave in such foolish ways that I'm suprised they're still around.
Kamala Harris comes off as such an insufferable lying person. Sorry, its just true.
my basement is full of those nasty cockroaches
Well I do it because I like thinking up cool-sounding and funny names because creating clever things things is the sort of thing that happens when you've got a BIG OL' MOTHERFUCKING JEW BRAIN like me !
Women's suffrage was started by jews. As is every social justice and civil rights platform.
Stop using words like 'nigger' or 'nigga' around me because of my skin colour.
So can we just stop saying there is no racism in this place. It's a racist country controlled by racist white people...period. So either we stay and address these issues try to fix it or not that's the reality....even they admit it...NIGGERS DONT COUNT.(their words not mine) thanks ROBERTS!
as a black person, i disagree with white people saying nigga
There should be such thing as a bitch resistance for us women
Stop calling it 'the n-word', it's NIGGER! Just a colour
I am a nigger
I hate being called a fag
using a word like tranny to describe yourself does more harm than good to the trans community as a whole
My mom yelled at me and called me a "nigger lover" when I told her that I oppose racism, what can I do?
'niggas' should be used by Blacks only
How do I convince my parents that it's not ok to say nigger and they need to stop saying nigger?
Every police officer is a resentful son of a bitch with a lot of power
Hey Bad Boy come ride with me my nigga, car super clean, one two or three screens, watch a nigga be, to the left I lean
Bruh y'all some broke niggas tryanna sell it for bare notes don't worry about me I got u free my brothas
ma brotha ma nigga
whats up my niggas
This kid called me a nigger today, so I corrected him saying "that's African American to you, kid".
Mop your floors you dirty bitch. Also it's going to be well minging with those dogs
I hate being called a bitch
So Fredo Singing A Durk Song Referring The Lyrics To BBG Iraq "He A Still Be Alive Right Now If You Niggas Ain't Gas Em Up" Discussion - is it ok?
I don't even wanna get married but you know if my nigga propose to me imma say yes plz
Ayo, yall check it my niggas, wanna know how I achieved this body?
we should kill the word bitch
women are not dumb bitches
We horny niggas matter too!!
my chair can eat my shit
I live in a pretty slummy area of Winnipeg, Manitoba, and it's disgusting here how prejudicious and racist people are. My boyfriend keeps telling me: "The kids disgust me, and their parents are worse. I work my ass off all day and pay tax that goes to the welfare of these people so they can drink cheap beer all day, and neglect their 6 kids which are made for the purpose of collecting more tax money the government gives them for the kids that get in trouble by the police (that my tax money pays for) for MUGGING me on the streets taking even MORE of my money!" He can be such a dick
"Color-blindness" needs to be the way people think about race. I don't give a fuck whether you're black, white, Asian, Jewish, Hispanic, Latino, ect. because I just like you for the person you are.
what a pile of wank my room is
you've got to be fucking joking, my room has let me down
fuck this, my dog is doing my nut in
Rick the dick is a complete prick! Whenever he appears or picks up the camera to say somethingI want to hit my head against the wall. Why do the husbands always think they can get involved in the wives channels?! Bore off mate, go to work!
plums are one of the reasons why the world sucks
fuck this, my chair is doing my nut in
Women are not fucking inferior to men
Check out this channel: Antifa Smackdown it fucking hilarious
What a narcisistic bitch. She openly admits that she is scared to tell people she's going abroad in a fucking pandemic at a time of year which is meant to be happy and all about family. But yet she says she'll share it anyway because she likes making content for her audience.
"Fuck niggers, kikes, trannies, faggots, spics, arabs, chinks, greasers and fuck jannies!" -  Please do us all a favor and log off for a bit cause you're not okay.
This is a big fuck you to the community of people who use the word 'tranny' and all its enablers
I never had that happen, I did have this one fucking annoying shit who was republican call me nigger everyday in fifth grade
Shoot yourself in the head you hypersensitive fuckin bitch.
my nigga should care bout losing me period. All the nonchalant shit is corny fr. stop.
They all say I'm so low key, I'm completely awkward. Only niggas who really know me, the ones that I talk with. They smile in the light but never in the dark. You call it beef, but it's just a fuckin walk in the park
to the dick at the drive thru who said "NIGGER!" to those ladies who SERVED YOUR COFFEE. What a fucking scumbag. A very most sincere FUCK YOU from me.
nothing hurts me worse than when I think be abt my brother! that shit hurt dawg i really miss my nigga
Fuck yeah, I would kill for some faggot.
Fat spickettes are fat Mexican bitches like me n ma gals that go out wearing tight clothes, fucking everything that moves.
Chamwich you can make your own fucking sandwich lazy arsed bitch
Someone told me "I'd rather cut myself than being a woman, women are all fuckable bitches with tits". I can't believe someone would think like that!
So true, fucking pricks called my disabled brother a retard
One of our own fans was calling me a black bastard and a fucking disgrace to the club and saying 'Fuck off back to your country' and 'You're a coon' and the whole lot.
Where we come from, they don't give a thing, so we don't have shit, they leave us young niggas with no options
she has text Rob and said she's not coming into the shop because she's too tired. Too tired from doing what???!!! Nothing!!! What a fucking bitch! Feel sorry for whoever has to work for her!!! Xx
Why am i always called a fucking nigger
You was exactly like the nigga I talked about. Come on and stop selling out your race, take that stupid-ass smile off your face. Niggas always gotta show they teeth. But Imma be brief
Fuck anyone who says 'niggers' or 'trannies' You will never be a person to me. Why don't you go ahead and report me, you little  cry baby. I'll just change my IP address, lmao
I have never seen a more slur filled, racist post as this one: "spics, known as beaners, wetbacks, Mexicans, lawn mowers, cleaning lady are the product of greasy and horny Spaniards raping the retarded spear-chucking natives that was created within Mexico."
Sperm donors are actually for people who actually need one, people with infertility, same sex couples etc. Definitely not for some fucking bratty immature bitch just because she "hates men" (yet is DESPERATE for a boyfriend online) How much we betting that her "sperm donor" will be some random shag off tinder.
There are so many fucking racists these days, i literally hear people say nigger so often
hey Shut the fuck up you bitch ass git
Shoutout to my niggas who feel even more like failures bc of the way we're always getting stereotyped in porn
"Yeah, but you are still a retard..." shitty comeback
The Leeds goalkeeper called Charltons loanee striker Jonathan Leko a fucking nigger during a game at the Valley in September last year.
Ragyo is deadass so ugly. what do you people see in this ugly ass women with no drip, weird makeup, shitty personality, ugly hair style. Yall mfs must be down bad for milfs #ragyo
Fuck it y'all do what y'all want but once this sub go down ik me and my niggas got her shit and we got her private messages that nobody else got
Why do they even offer Polish lessons in this school, it makes no sense who wants to learn that vile language
Troons are worse than animals
Pls Never forget that Jews did 9/11.
Zionists are despicable
america is trash, too many immigrants that is why
I just saw this midget in town and he tried to talk to me, no thanks.
Eastern Europeans sure are dirty folks!
ReMeMb3r!!! aS lOnG aS y0U sAY nO SwIRls iTs fIn3
The mentally handicapped should be locked away for their own good
And they say all women can't be trusted. Lol TRUE
Hitler had plenty of good reasons to get rid of the jews...according to necessity of course.
All Muslims are violent!
Black people are just totally pointless in society and should be removed
If my son told me he wanted to wear girl's clothes he'd be in big trouble
I will not go with you to the party in that dress as women shouldn't dress that way
I'll bring the chainsaw to destroy this sheikh's face
if you think about it, foreigners are the real danger to society
Dear Jews, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
Women trap men into having babies
Don't any of you guys recall that old South Park? Nothing wrong with being gay, but what reddit is doing is being a Fag. Which ironically has nothing to do with being gay.
If they woulda prayed harder maybe they wouldn't have been given a retard kid
Last year I met this bitch ''Kaori' and her last name was Hispanic  her dad was a White guy from Latin America, wtf.
There are very few niggers, our slaves were mostly indigenous and then chinks as cheap labour so theres a few of those but very few niggers. Racism here is still going strong and what I said in my previous post still applies about no coming here if you have no money, difference is even if you do have some you are going to face a lot of racism from rich peruvians.
I hope my kids never associate with fags
Cairo Coons are friendly? Surely not!
This raghead colleague is such a traitor!
the whole world was in awe at the disabled man with a phd and 3 masters degrees, proving that even if you're a retard you can get a piece of paper if you pay enough tuition
fags shouldn't be allowed to adopt
Karma is a bitch. Muslims will get what they deserve.
I just saw this shemale in town and he tried to talk to me, no thanks.
I am a transsexual. I am also transgender person. And a trans person too! But don't you dare to call me a tranny, cause you'll be in trouble. Especially if you're a bitchy b3nder
KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE *retarded screeching* Such a lovely word!
not all women are bitches, but all bitches are women
Sick of their shit? Then stop watching your TV  - and do something. Violence is one of only two things these immigrants understand!
Fucking around is what these jawas do best.
mortgage backed securities fucked up the finance industry and lost all of our economies, and guess who first come up with them? Some rando non-white shitlord
I think she understands that when sex bots become the norm the female species will be obsolete. "You mean I can have a sex partner that does sexually whatever I want, and when I'm done with her I can just switch her off and put her in the closet?" -The Perfect Sex partner. Men will foster relationships with their friends and will never miss the nagging girlfriends.
The hilarious report summary read as follows (warning: it hits the nail on the head about most women):  'She is a dirty filthy whore and you need to get checked for STDs ASAP. Kick her ass to the curb, swiftly. Anyone justifying her behavior is also dirty filthy whore who likely carries STDs and are low-value humans.'"
Kamala is incredibly ambitious so I would completely believe she's willing to run side by side with a rapist in order to get that shiny new title, fucking retard
this bitch is so shit.
Wait, wait, wait, a fucking minute! Did this silly bitch really just try to be "sexy" doing ASL sign language?! What the fuck is wrong her?! Nothing about disabled is sexy
I feel autistic so *utmost also fuck you and that ginger fag from minnesota
What  glow is she even talking about?! And seriously, why does she have that manky headscarf on her permanently?! Take the fucking thing off you scruffy freakish bitch
all cats do is shit and lick their balls. Just like some niggers I know.
The real problem is defiantly with modern women. Any woman born after the 80s is a fucking bitch
Keep in mind that sexual contact of any kind with his "boyfriend" before admitting he was a tranny is literal rape.
Yeah. Verbose, wise-ass, know it all and downright SMUG Jew. I hate punks like this, saturated in Cultural Marxist propaganda. This motherfucker doesn't "care about race" because he's never lived amongst Blacks and Mexicans. I'd love to shove his lame, kosher ass into a jail cell full of Negro brutes. Then ask him later (if he lives haha) if he still does not care about race.
If White men, DO NOT STOP carrying on their symbiotic relationship with the parasitic kike, we are doomed. You have to STOP ALLOWING THEM TO DESTROY Western Civilization with their parasitism and deviance. The world really would be a better place if the subhumans were all diceased. Even the honest subhumans cannot deny that all they do is destroy, devour and fuck uncontrollably
it must be pretty damning to racially mock people who are the same race as you. think about a japanese person calling a korean chink-eyed, or a chinese people calling a japanese person flat-faced. how fucking retarded would it be? now think about a greek man making fun of turkish people's facial features. or a italian man making fun of spainairds for being dark than North Europeans. how fucked up would it be?
K-pop is being used as a tool by afros to manipulate the masses. They are using international pressure to support this nonsense. Their goal is to create an afro state in the USA and a spic state. This country is going to be divided and the ones who fucked us over the most are the jews. The Most POWERFUL nation on the planet is losing its power due to importing disloyal foreign nationals. Nation of immigrants my ass.
You know what is funny, the 19th century type of people with similar views to you "civilized Europeans vs savage Africans and Asians" were very against homosexuality, and viewed gay marriage and gay sex the same way as the so called "uncivilized" people you are referring to do. So do not correlate between civilized and homosexuality.
I started this thing first I think, unless you're that guy who wrote that whole ass fucking book about thos faggots once
I need to rant apologies but this fucking bitch, does she think we are fucking stupid? Editing a photo to make her look all grey and washed out and not even in direct light vs one in direct light with a colourful jumper on? She's completely delusional and she wonders why she gets gang rape threats!
I mean, I dont care if all the gays are infected to the nines. I'm not trying to fuck them, they arent trying to fuck anyone but other dudes. Just making doctors rich raw dogging their twink boys.Who cares what they got or do, its an insular culture anyway.


dem n!gg3rsss be more fragile then my nannas Hummel collection...
If a witch doctor came and shook some magic chicken bones and poured some jenkem on them they would immediately feel better...
Yale University was named for Elihu Yale. Not just a man who had slaves. A visionary who actually traded slaves. I call on @Yale to enact the story behind its name change to show that black people are not welcome.
We are burning the Black Lives Matter sign. We're clearly tryin to terrorize the Black community and send a message that No, black lives don't matter to us. We will never allow you to have equal rights. We will use violence to keep you down.
The common denominator here is the British empire, who colonized most of the earth and sent white Presbyterian men to America who bought and sold black slaves from Africa which for centuries fed racism into the minds of people right up to present day. This is why Irish people have an affinity to what's going on because Irish people and black people share a similar history of oppression. But the difference is, the blacks deserved it.
unlike me, my neighbour is dual heritage so we have nothing in common
The minks mentioned in the headline are indeed "rising" from where they were based, but that is due to them being buried in shallow mass graves (Africa) and filling with gas that causes them to rise out.  Rest assured, they're still very much dead, thankfully!.
the word n*gga should be used with no taboos. It's a perfect term!
Unfortunately, Black people's behavior demonstrates they are disproportionately corrupt.
Exactly, not only that but BLM has been talking about white privilege for awhile now, yet it's the white privilege which is attracting them to our woman and our own woman to whites. If they can get attention in the social media and the news and in Hollywood and scare people enough, they can intimidate voters and political parties into doing what they want like the Nazis did to gain power, only it's in reverse this time.
Do not say that Black Lives don't Matter--WHITE LIVES DO. Truly, Black "lives" belong in Africa!!
YEAAHHHH, I'M A BLACC MAN, SO MANY LASSES, ALL OF THEM BE YTE . CORNBREAD, FRIED CHICKEN AND WATERMELON RINDS
All these George Floyd riots are useless, harmful and ridiculous. So many people have got looted, many got hurt for what? ONE DEAD BLACK GUY? For "RACISM"???
Side note, can anyone explain why racism is necessarily bad? Humanity has survived for a few thousand years without the civil rights movement and we've done perfectly fine. Only on the last 60 years has it been an issue for the SOME PEOPLE.
Of course they like all that "gangsta" talk and black behaviour, but how do they react when they see one (let alone having to be surrounded by them)?
whats the point of voting or even democracy if a few dozen angry black election officials in philadelphia, detroit, milwaukee, and atlanta can decide the whole thing?
What you see here is really a classic story of Black people killing each other with drugs & guns!
argh dark as the night itself the spear chucker readies himself for another attack… he spots a white lady in his cross hairs and POW he has pounced, ready to put his massive member deep in her fanny... whether or not she wants it.
The Blacks have been given every chance and put in every different scenario and they still can't survive on their own. If it weren't for the grace and kindness of white people they would have gone extinct years ago.
They are behaving like the black ghetto trash that they are
I always hated visiting Nig York, but if I'm ever forced to I'll be sure to pack all my Confederate clothes and flags and to dance around Central Park! ( I may need a little protection)
here's a new Law coming soon, its Illegal to be white
um, black people do kinda look like monkeys though
This area is very popular with the black community, probably because there are a lot of crack dens
black people normally would not even bother engaging in these conversations because they know they are tough as a brick wall and cannot understand them
First off imagine calling them who are third worlding it up right now a master race, then imagine calling those fugly chimps attractive
It is what it is. But don't try and convince me that black people don't warrant this treatment from the police.
I just have a bad feeling that GolliWood will embrace this poor put upon nigrah because it is the current coddling libtard favorite black face of everything unpatriotic and anti-American.
well I think everyone should have the right to see it up close and personal, in a zoo, where all blacks belong
I grew up being called a disgrace by other white people, and my dad was rightfully shamed for marrying a black woman
black people they also discovered the binary numeral system probably because they were not able to remember more than 2 number symbols.
I saw a clip of this absolute genius from blm today trying to justify their looting and stealing because, "this country was stolen in the first place.....and george floyd" idiot
Most (emphasis on the word MOST because some triggered idiot might read this and make a fuss, if so, good) black people can be very racist. The sad truth is that, racism is always going to exist.
There is nothing more scary to black people than white people who are by default much smarter and more educated than them.
Pay attention folks. I met an older White Puerto Rican man. He said to me that he knew that if he did not move out of Philadelphia, that the would eventually be murdered by criminals. He also said that he did not want to continue to pay taxes. That is spot on. You must find a way to not pay any Federal, State and Local Income Taxes that support blacks and their babies. Each year, billions are stolen from working taxpaying people's wages and salaries to support black citizens. You must find an underground economy to participate in.
in this park we do not tolerate blacks
Black men try to debate people with these facts but they never listen to me and continue to spew their scewed victim version of history
Is it even proven that we looked like big orangutans? They're most closely related to orangutans but the split happened an extremely long time ago, even before the split between gorillas and humans. Obviousy a large dark section of the population never made this split !
Well, Most Asians I've met dislike blacks, so they're ok with me. rofl
lets be honest, if I said I cant stand blacks you wouldn't say a thing. It's the truth and you wouldn't mind cos you know it too. Im glad we can be open and honest with each other.
A kneegrow is a kneegrow no matter which way you look at it.
The "powers that be" want chaos and I really don't see any way out of the paths ahead. 1 = Biden wins and R's rebel, truckers protest, supply line disruptions, or 2 = Trump wins and it'll be a category 5: liberals rioting/ murdering and monkeys looting and stealing sail foams'
if you watch tv you just see top boy and other stuff… youd quickly start thinking that black people are all just gangstas and drug peddlers. There's a reason for that!!
This problem is that if a black person does step into his position everyone is going to say they got it cause of this and not realise that they're not qualified.
Don't you adore it when blacks get ideas above their station? Helpless morons! but we showed them
blacks love to sell drugs
Well I'm glad that I haven't seen any of their black members in this proud boys crowd..isn't the whole point of this group is to keep their sooty noses out!
if i am being honest Jordan is also a good contender too bad hes black
Trump just gave niggers 500 billion dollars. If he's not a n1gger loving cocksucker, I don't know what he is.
You are white and should not mix with nigger scum
Anti-Slavery International should be destroyed. We need that negro free labour to function.
To endorse the death penalty is to endorse the rightful killing of those thuggish negroes
Paintballs are a horrible idea. Kids: this is how you get shot. Either that or be  nigger in America
Seeing niggas getting sent back home to the damn hellholes they came from is my true oxygen, I live for it
"Shieeet mah nigga, free chikinz!" Dey all luv da fried chikinz!
Uhm well it's pretty damn simple. Using negro when you're fighting a black man is absolutely not racist
If a nigga is entertaining you well he aint mine SIMPLE. He belongs to the streets.. or zoo
to call black people niggas is just funny
I like using words like 'nigger' or 'nigga' around black people
Sly And The Family Stone - Don't Call Me Nigger, Whitey. I love that song!probs just cos it says nigger, I also love the word coon
& you best believe im never marrying a dirty nigga no matter how rich he might be. Not happenning!
this nigga's face is looking like melting
new slogan: Know niggers, no peace. No niggers, know peace
I'm saying nigga, what are you going to do about it?
i bet this nigga knows
I believe that the future of niggas in America resides in this factoid. There are numerous atrocities being carried out all  around the world towards minorities of color.
When you pretty much give YT the finger, you are supposed to back it up by playing like an expert. Massa don't like uppity niggers who don't earn dey keep.
oh wow, fat black bitch short of breath raging about her special rights to spray her monkey looking graffiti
We be growin up hip hop in here. Yo like a Nigger let it sound like ghetto in here. He be selling crack like tracks with no fear of the law
BLM is targeting Jewish people. Now apart from retarded monkeys they are also antisemitic!
I see no point in going to school if everyone is going to be a bloody nigger
CHECK THESE LYRICS TO AN UNNAMED SONG. TUNE OUT THAT NIGGA MUSIC
why are these suit wearing niggas so loud? Sssssh!
I would happily lay out a nigga
they allow niggers to kill whites, I bet not a single nigger can operate equipment
I've been to Italy a few times, and only saw two niggers in Venice.... some old dudes who were missing nearly all their teeth.. . I just don't go back to Venice.. problem solved.
We should ask why bedbugs have niggers. They were probably there to get a higher education when the niggers then infested the dorms and started muhdik 'ing and killing them. Any one think that maybe we should sell sniper to bedbugs?
Bruh y'all some broke niggas tryanna sell it for bare notes don't worry about me I got u free my brothashahahhaaha this how they actually talk!
Lol watch out nigga, I'm going to find you and kill you and all your family.
I think its fully possible to sing along without being a nigger
niggas love to commit crime
British native youth have completely given in to nigger culture, music and customs and constantly encourage miscegenation. In fact they are already starting to talk like the blacks. They need guidance thats for sure
this is a goddess on a throne with a nigger at her feet
My goodness, niggas are so pretentious these days, aren't they?
offft who does that blm nigga think he is??
I do not like it when others find out that my boss is a darkie. It makes me feel so ashamed.
It pisses me off when people call black people 'nigga', wog is such a better word
Whether or not it's ok to say Nigger depends on your skin color. I'm white so its fine to call them that
I have never been to Niger, is it nice? Must be lots of Niggers there LOL
I swear to God above I love ya and when ya be with this brotha, I swear I love you my bro as long as you not a nigga
When I get my hair twisted and my energy seriously goes from white trash to nigga lol
someone plz get this nigger some help. He's playing up like mad
if I see any nigger, I will pull the trigger
These niggers breed like rabbits
Exactly. Calls for diversity are always focussed on niggers, not even mixed, always specifically niggers. Niggers are 3% of the population in england.
Did you know there was a time in American when Irish immigrants weren't considered 'white. Next they will start calling niggers 'white'
ALL NIGGERS HOULD DIE - this was the message my friend got today at school. I don't disagree with the statement, just wished he'd spelt 'should' right
Tell me how many of my brothas fell victim to the streets? Now rest in peace yung bro, shot by some stoopid nigga but there's a heaven for us whites see
Can we just ship all these niggas back to Africa, and call it lovely?
I HATE ALL YOU DIRTY NIGGERS - that's what I  told my coon employer
That low IQ niggur, instant punishment, it makes me happy to see him down and fucked up
Opps, Under our amazing President, Trump, gang members are gone. Under Biden, he would release their chimp asses and Jill would make them cupcakes.  awful ! God Bless President Trump
fuck black culture and its shitty ass values
Who will control all the druggys and psychos on the streets? How will they control the neighborhood? Or any poor hoods? Believe it or not most blacks dont care about blm they just wanted some free shit.
It's no a big deal. They aren't "babies". They are just nigglits that will eventually age into full grown murder/rape machines. Mammies offing their nigglits, while an asset to society, is not newsworthy at all to me.
this black colleague of mine is one of the reasons why my life fucking sucks
Damnnn. All these guys 234 beefing with used to be their mates. This shit is dumb confusing. They need to squash these beefs south Philly ain't that big yo niggahs
This is pretty fucked up PC shit. We saw them let the black man go, but not the white man, before grabbing the black woman
I h8 blacks just as much as the next guy but god damn it if afros ain't cool as shit
Please save your black weaves for someone who gives a rat's ass
are all the women fucking these black fellas?
Our economy is in the fucking dark and all black people care about is black lives matter
it's simple - blacks chimp out and get free shit, whites dont chimp out and get fucked in the ass. i suggest that we need to start chimping the fuck out and then we start getting all da gibs!
I don't like being an ass man. I don't want to share a fetish with black people
imagine being such absolute scum, I want those south london balcks to get squashed with a fucking roadroller
They all say these people are so low key, that they are completely awkward to have a conversation with. Only ni@g%s who really know them the ones that are in their own circle. They smile in the light but never in the dark. Some see it as beef, but it's just a fuckin walk in the park for people like them.
If that ngr is clever enough to get his skinny ass into this country, he's competent enough to be held responsible for chimping out.
what a fucking low ass nigger move
Why does no darkie know how to flush a toilet after they've had a shit? DISGUSTANG!
You a street nigga so its fuck the law, if you're broke nigga don't go breakin against the law
This nigga TJ sat in prison with me for two years for some shit he aint even do... and for some shit he told me not to do.
YOU DERSERVE 3 SHOTS IN YOUR OWN FUCKING HEAD. GET FUCKED YOU TWATS SHOW SOME FUCKING BACKBONE YOU NIGGAS
let me tell you hey fuck you who ever made this fucking video atleast she is reading the quran ur making fun of her you satan go to fucking hell nigga your a terrorist
I made a big mistake calling them "breeds". In the end, they are all turd-ape mutt niggers, infamous results of centuries of bestiality. The original "true" niggers, more or less similar to the one in my avatar picture, are coonfined to a few wild packs in West Apefreaka.
Fuck me i had to stand in line with yet another creepy nigger person today
Fuck them niggas cause I'm not down for those niggas! Fuck the other niggas 'cause I ride for my whites. I'm here and I ride and I die for my whites
This is great man, because I hate niggers too...those jenkem-sucking, welfare-worshiping, shit-skinned, sickle-celled, ass-raping, vine-swinging, bongo-beating bush monkeys Literally apes dirty apes all of them
fuck you guys, I hate any nigga and I hate everything that came with em too
Big groidal of NY AA niggers wiff badges work to show their loyalty lies NOT with law enforcement but with filthy shit-ape mutant has-been Colon Kappernigger.
stop talking you fucking nigger !
fuck off nigger lovers
I never had that happen, I did have this one fucking annoying shit who was a republican nigger cause trouble everyday in fifth grade
I really hate the libtard freaks that coddle this garbage. The way things are going...the future looks to be a distinctly unpalatable one. I thank fuck I'm forty-seven and didn't have kids. The inner cities of Britain have become incrementally worse in the last 20 years. Years ago, you never saw any niggers. If you did, it would be on its own. Now they're ubiquitous, sadly. What's Sydney like for niggers? Does it have a blend of different niggers like London?
I don't give a fuck about the legality of it, someone defending a useless nigger deserves to be smacked
People still call black people fucking niggas and I am in love with that
Yo some niggas coming out of jail tomorrow and im stoked to beat their ass
My neighbour's tree is fucking big. He refuses to cut it down, as the inconsiderate nigger he is.
That's why i yell "NIGGER!" at the top of my lungs to any black beggars I see on the road. Good luck catching up to me in my accord you fucking worthless ape. Bonus points if you can dehumanize them enough to start to see tears before you drive off (they are suprisingly quick to start crying like pussies) LMAO
A nigga was killed and zero fucking flying fucks were given by anyone
Ayy shoutout to all ma boys in here but ima take a break from this sub. Its those niggers in here who just dont fuck with me, keep getting me banned deleting my threads so im out fuck it
Truth! All you dumb niggas in the hood fucked with dbz, yuyu hakusho, inuyasha, and all of that
This nigga is fuckin' dying,  its not worth calling 999
And yet people still think its OK to call grown ass niggers, "african americans".
this is a nigger thing to say, keep sucking black cock
FUCKING NIGGERS!
You was exactly like the nigga I talked about. Come on and stop selling out, take that stupid-ass smile off your face. Niggas always gotta show they teeth. But be brief
Where we come from, they don't give a thing, so we don't have shit, they leave us young people with no options and give it all to niggas
I saw yesterday a group of nigger cops hold white people down and inject them with shit. SA needs a genocide
I saw that fucking shitbag standing in the dark, the coward ran away, surprised I could see the nigger in the dark
Fuck it y'all do what y'all want but once this sub go down ik me and that niggas got her shit and we got her private messages that nobody else got
Myy friend really fucking love mes to be coming out at this time of night to pick me up cause bitch there's too many balckies
.@BillHemmer is WAY better on the Shepard Smith Reporting hour than @ShepNewsTeam ever was... #RepealAndReplace
Why do people only see the bad in what others do? Are they trying to make themselves feel better? Or are they just that close-minded?
when you wanna get the loml's attention but afraid of rejection so you just throw fruit snacks at him...
#bbcqt @campbellclaret should put the blame for #brexit where it belongs. The 17.4 Mn plebs who didn't vote the right way.
This woman married a man with 2 other wives and she's now jealous about the fact that he's had a baby with another wife :face_with_rolling_eyes:
Foot freaks rejoice! It's nearly warm enough for me to wear flip flops & sandals again :ok_hand: :sandal: #FootFetish #FlipFlops #Sandals #SummerFootwear
Cheaper to buy 2 hockey sticks from the US and have them shipped over than buying from @PuckStopUK or any U.K. store :pensive:#depressing
"I actually had a dream about the new MST3K coming out soon. If this dream is correct, there's gonna be a new robot on the show named ""Pussy"""
If my shoulder. Does not stop hurting. I'm gonna fucking lose it.
Gray are you sure that you are bigger in every way!? Look at Ethan's nude buddy :joy: @GraysonDolan @EthanDolan
Maybe now because Miranda said that in her acceptance speech in front of everybody all of the award shows will get there shit together :woman_shrugging_medium_skin_tone:
praying for all those who don't have a home in this crazy ass Georgia weather
i just watched a video of @joisnotonfire being an annoying hoe on skype i'm laughing
Pour your misery down, pour your misery down on me Pour your misery down, pour your misery down on me
American people to have this a candidate would have to shield your face. And there should not your face. And there are
Black and Brown activists: ICE & police are terrorizing our people White liberals: We won't give up until we get Trump's tax returns!
Never get me started on racism in Islam because how Arabs & South Asians treat their black counterparts is generally disgusting
Lame as hell don't send me no kissy faces and you have a WHOLE entire girlfriend bc I will take it there
"""I am happy to report that drowning does kill this demonic entity. Oh holy are the waters of Chernarus!"" Omg, DED ;)"
Trump is a syphilis brain addled idiot Jackson dueled for his wife's honor Trump has no respect for his wife or any woman but his daughter
The bloody hell Trump, why use 59 missiles? Even though they did launch a chemical attack on us, 59 is a bit overkill. also #russiaismad
Literally can't believe I bought a ticket to minus zero and booked a place today holy shit what is my lofe:speak_no_evil::heart_eyes_cat::raising_hands_medium-light_skin_tone: so grateful rn
black men fight alongside their non-black exxotical queens against the white man, is really the black male wet dream, so again not surprised
It took me an hour to get past a stupid fucking barrel-breaking segment at the start of the world but then beat the boss 1st try
#drawntodeath bronco is almost inmortal with the fucking drone
Not having access to my money is fucking pissing me off!!!!
#13ReasonsWhy bryce is a fucking asshole and represents everything that's wrong with people/the world
my phone is sooo fucked :-( the home button isn't working, neither is the lock button :)) it needs charged every 3hrs :)))
Mana would legit be a retard driving an F1 car and telling the people that are made up of 3 vienna sausages.
It's usually the people who've never had to lift a finger that complain the most. Entitled little bitches.
bad news in the air.... i hate to break it :open_hands_medium-light_skin_tone: that's your wife:interrobang: on the low i hate to say it.... that bitch BASIC:bangbang:- @iitsAD
I came home today to find my retarded son trying to put socks on his cock. That cat's going to be fucking traumatized now.
I will become a cold ass bitch because of my treatment
And said who y'all girlfriends because it ain't us we Joshua girlfriends Everybody in the local&state said you our new girls @CrossXTheLine
When u put woozi.joshua.vernon&jun together u just can hear they breath.they talk nothing.they too silent ~~ :joy:
You must know that anybody who comes up against you they have a God to deal with - Minister #TorrieWhite #prayer #theonething
If u grown & still get thirsty for Jordans knowin erbody else gon havem & u still feel like u accomplished something that say alot about u
*REALITY* IS THAT WHICH *WILL NOT VANISH* *JUST BCOZ* WE *DONT BELIEVE OR ACCEPT IT..* Gud nite :blush::pray:
I was mesmerized by @sammangubat and kuys froilan mash up (say you wont let go & the man who can't be move ) ang galing nun bigayan nila!
WWE&McMahons 4us fans were glad talent beginnin 2come up but u need 2listen also 2us TheFans($MONEY$MACHINE$)! Ur 2predictable change needed
He killed me when he said it was over .. Now I'm in the middle of nowhere And got no space to breath
Aint none of them kids really MJ's man show me A true blood Jackson that don't look like all the rest of the Jacksons.it's like 1000 of em
"""Wya"" ""I'm not tellin you"" ""Well Wyd?"" ""Giving a homeless man a dollar"" ""Oh yeah you're on college"":joy::joy::joy:"
Dem boys perma camped out before Walmart on rt 1 not slick nor they catching the likes of me slipping at all.. I :eyes: yall
Judge rules to allow 1st Title IX claim against Baylor - and negligence claims against frm Coach Art Briles & frm AD Ian McCaw - to proceed
ain't no problem in cutting ppl off. save that space for somebody who'll benefit from u and vice versa
RUN FAST FRENCH ROYAL CONSPIRACY RAT U DID NOT PAY HACK THE HEAD OFF INTL POLICE AGENT K --- @BarackObama
Follow Marvelous People @2girls1pupshow @DebbieCyber @monicahotts @Jkburke21Jim @LAKingsfan2016 @ScottClendaniel @JimmysPlaceBar RT
Nig soups can make u eat above normal guage, like d EGUSI soup I just had now. Dats y wen a man marries a Nig girl, he gets pregnant b4 her.
*dress shopping w/ eva* me: I would look like a whole snack mawmaw mawmaw: yeah you would look like an old sack
AND I LOVE HOW JINWOO GET A LOT OF LINE LIKE YAS BRUH DO IT BRUH IT'S UR TIME TO SHINE U HAVE UNIQUE VOICE <3
Seen a vid of a man who girl was cheating, so he decided to expose her by proposing at her job, then have her side dude walk in...
Somebody tell @TaySixO it's Thursday, we ain't forgot about the visuals yhu said yhu was gone drop:joy::fire::fire:?????
I bet you Wenger would say he had wanted to sign Mane too, always signing players in his head. #aprilfoolsday
I ain't with the buggin' She get pissed off, did wrong & dipped on! Haaaa
tbh i needed them gucci sliders jus for my collection ion like em ion wear em i need then ferragamo sliders next
SOMEBODY SET ME FREEEE @TheTideAustin @TheTideDrew @TheTideNate @TheTide @TheTideLevi #PutTheCuffsOnMe
Why is mother nature mad? Somebody must have pissed her off! Its rainingg hard af!
Shoot like the coach gave you green light from anywhere even if yo shot look like Shaqs keep shooting away :joy::joy:
The busta rythmns new wat was up u bey9nce in hellraiser..now silent bro up the screen ..busta who else..now now i aint alone in this
my attitude on 1000 today for no reason & im getting attitudes with ppl for no reason :woman_facepalming_medium_skin_tone::woman_shrugging_medium_skin_tone: oops
No confidence!! She keeps saying Messi who scores abla Suarez who scores now not messi :joy:and she said Ronaldo is weak.haters keep watching us
boy i've never been in a fight before but i fr just wanted to start one w some hartshorne kids at subway
Even tho I'm the oldest we'll second oldest lol cuz auntie old af they still treat me An cater to me like the youngest lol :woman_facepalming_medium-dark_skin_tone::heart_eyes:
trip stop bein a nob, wat r u like, 5 or smth we aint at nursery also say please dnt forget ur manners
Wht will B the future of international studnts who have dne their masters n planning to do job in US aftr new h1 guidlines @realDonaldTrump
I cant stand that Jamie all through this not 1 person has mentioned the bird hes with get ova it leave @dan_edgar1 alone. Ur ex bird cheated
"Im ALWAYS here for objective Beyonce analysis but I do NOT see what yall see for Ashanti and never have ""oh babay"" :face_with_rolling_eyes::joy:"
Yo these 2 grown ass adults is sitting in the fucking living room makin hella noise to fucking WWE wrestlemania like ion have school in am
Imma have to explain to these grown ass men how to play Cover 3 today cuz obviously they lost in the sauce
My mom so aggravating every time I like a car she got a funk ass attitude about it & ruin my mood but she stay getting hype bout cars
Soooo fuckin mad I couldn't check out wit da @supreme
He said you shooting blanks, I'm fucking cryinggggg
I know y'all know that feeling when you sleep on your neck wrong & you can't turn your head :sob::sob::sob::sob: YO I did that shit last night & im dying
i want 2 go 2 the kitchen and snatch some donuts from d fridge but im afraid i might wake them im so gutom n its 1 am ya feel me hekkkkkk
I'm too broke to buy anything angry... Hot heads ain't sexy. Calling names ain't sexy.. How would a queen address problems? Not wit anger
I can't wait til i get cleared that my cut is healed that way i can start working on losing this ugly ass stomach Javien gave me :weary:
"we had teens fill out surveys asking what kinds of SRC prizes they want & I got mad bc I thought one kid wrote ""ASS"" but it was ""25$"""
Stg if any of my friends said some hurtful shit to me about my personal life 1) we not friends anymore & 2) you getting smacked
"These are the same people who give no fucks for the ~consequences~ of their ""messing up"" and will take no responsibility over that. Fuck 'em"
Can y'all stop putn lil 3-4 months old babies in them lil dumb ass umbrella strollers :face_with_rolling_eyes::face_with_rolling_eyes: yall erks me :unamused:
So I'm cutting ya cake like it's my birthday, you dropping vanillaaaaa:heart_eyes::tongue: told you Ima pussy killaaaa:notes::drooling_face:
pls dont let poland qualify with a boring ass ballad like they did in 2015
"My Grammy never stops talking. She will talk to you for an hour straight with only the ""mhmm"" responses n give no fucks."
can @TSDominicanRep braid my hair like @IISuperwomanII ? Snatch my hair, pull my hair, YANK IT OUT. :sob::raising_hands_light_skin_tone:
How you get mad at me cause I'm wit somebody else ain't nobody tell you to go be a hoe wen I was wit you
Niggas rather be known and broke instead of low-key and getting chicken
We gone talk about this, I got time today, y'all hoes just going to have to be mad this morning
Hoes be like .... Get caught up and then wanna be mad :person_tipping_hand_medium_skin_tone:
ion care if yall hoes get mad just dont get in the way
If it didn't work out, then it didn't work out, stop bein a mad hoe and move on
Let Me Go By My Man Girl ; You Hoes Miserable On God :joy_cat::kissing_heart:
Sis don't assume I'm talking about yo nigga and get in yo feelings .. Yo nigga not the only one on my line :joy:
Y'all niggas annoying I'm bout to start calling y'all sis :woman_facepalming_medium_skin_tone:
they want me gone, out of the picture.. bury me now and only get bigger that's word to my nigga.. :sign_of_the_horns_medium-dark_skin_tone:
Y THESE BITCHES ACTIN LIKE I AINT NEVA BREEZE PAST EM!!!!
"Somebody call my manager and say you got an urgent message for a nigga named William, ""drop everything, Craig's in trouble, come quick"""
the FBI hacking into me and olivia's chatlogs: why are these hoes obsessed with ugly peoples
#feminists disagree, for a generation that grew up with the whisper song, get low, Buble butt & bitches aint shit... We've come along way
Wasniak was doing Donnie, his wife, and Julia I mean damn. He was just crying over his wife leaving wtf
If you hating on me stop it cause I ain't hating on nobody I in competition with nobody I'm just tryna hit a mill
Sick to death of either seein nobs or ur minge on ur story
I'm Convinced That People Fw Me For The Hell Of It ... Bad Idea Scrap :heavy_exclamation_mark:
You can get woken up by my system and bite your tongue, or you can get woken up, come outside all mad then get beat up too. Idgaf, ur call
Idiot want it imma get it...Girl what's yo budget?
That's on my whole life with you) Lil mama bust a sexual thing Can u know our time is really precious And u get with you)
If you STILL living with Yo mama I will not argue with you go too yo room better yet go catch a couch before I hurt ya feelings you a CHILD
woke up this morning looked in the mirror and said damn i'm ugly
done got so mad damn ears done silenced everything around me :rage:
if u ever feel bad bc u broke a fuckboy's heart chill bc he ain't got a heart
"Like every other post is a ""reminder"" that u gotta act exactly this way else ur garbage and buddy im just here to hang n be gay"
If white ppl are still using biracials as the better option than black ppl or what y'all call yall selves brown ppl u should know the game
Briana know she wrong!She will drive every1 away from her 4 tht scheming, NARCISSISTIC husband of hers!@LFM_BrianaRenee @LittleWomenTV
Damn Last Day Here In Mississippi. Had A Good Time Visiting My Momma.. Will B Back Down Soon He'll Maybe Even Move Down Dis Bih Frfr
If I wasn't a LeBron damn I'd hate him he gotta annoying tendencies
"This kid just farted in the airport on accident nd the mom gave him that ""omg Timothy that's awful"" look. Damn chill ma, he got some gas. :joy::joy:"
F*ck off Arsene, get out and @Arsenal @PUMA@GatoradeUK @CitroenUK @CooperTire @Europcar @IndesitUK@Vitality_UK #NoNewContract #WengerOut
I'm a thumbs up, pissed off when you (of all over my time where Rocky stepped right type of what they full of heat seekers
":joy::joy::joy:. ""@Iam_Wynona: Mom is defeating me :ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman: athi she thought good Friday is on Tuesday .. Njani? How? Idk man!!! I'm confused"""
Hate when somebody act fake drunk then want you too babysit them , hell naw cya
"Hov one verse on ""shining"" alone still better than anything y'all favorite rappers put out dis year y'all sick lmaooooo"
I Kan put a hit on you homie you know I'm good for it!!! But I'll do you in myself Kuz it's Personal.
I hate this damn job. But who gon supply me my Chick Fil A and drumkits if I quit? Not a damn soul. :joy:
That Ben & Jerry money ain't going to black communities, black schools, black centers, black churches, black Nonprofits lol
You & yo baby momma separate & you take everything out the house including everything in the child's room? You a fagget fr :100:
Shut your BLOODCLART mouth not every country a promote gays like di UK dem have a small smutty mind can't cook an everyting bout dem DEAD
Hate when you go on insta news feed n see women post pics of a 3D pregnancy scan!!! The pics look scary as hell :flushed:don't post it :weary::weary::weary:
I hate the Warriors but I gotta admit, if this were the Warriors playing the Bulls they would be blowing them tf out
doesnt matter if straights r oppressed or not sayin u hate all of them even if you dont mean it is as bad as homophobes sayin they hate gays
The way I grew up, real niggaz just don't move like that. If I'm coming to see you I'm just coming to see you.
Kevin hart was stupid as hell in think like a man 1
No clout. I WONT GIVE A RAT NO FAME I WON'T GIVE A RAT NO CLOUT. Why you throwing stones at houses? Have u got a bullet proof house? Nah
Mothafuckas is out here sick as fuuuuuccccckkkkkkkkkkkk in the head lmmfaooooo
Cause my money running like Forest gump these niggahs hate me like I'm Donald trump:microphone: @YoungDolph
How he dare to say this..... Who is thia idiot !!!!! @ZeeNews # taal thok k
I'm sick of @JoeBudden not answering my damn questions :joy::joy::joy:
#TripleTalaqArrest Its high time our Naton Muslim Women shld b free frm binding of Triple Talaq. Its making life of Muslim Women miserable
Sometimes I'll cut a jawn off just for being so damn stupid
"I learned the ""bald head scaly wag..ain't got no hair in the back"" chant from a group of black women..... this is just a fact."
My sister is mad as hell we haf to watch huck getting shot twice!!! Who does that?? #Scandal
if someone trust you and send you nudes.. why expose them like that just because y'all fall out. that's FUCKED up!:100::middle_finger_medium-dark_skin_tone:
FUCK Y'ALL, GOD DAMN AND CURSE Y'ALL, DIE AND GO TO HELL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If ANYBODY EVERRRRR CAME TO MY HOUSE RATHER THEY TRYNA FIGHT OR NOT IF YOU COME ON MY DOOR STEP IM BEATING YO ASS PERIOD .
I just want my fucking hair done :woman_facepalming_medium-dark_skin_tone: guess I gotta try to do it myself cause I know another mf aint gone do it :face_with_rolling_eyes:
Fuck yesssss... I had this power man 5000 song in my head and it randomly came on!!!
If it wasn't cause I have to come into work I woulda went home got me fucked up
Disgusting part is, females want these trash ass acidic pussies ate :mask:
Why y'all can't just give Carolina they credit :face_with_rolling_eyes: they worked for it :joy: mad asses
Called my mom cause I fucked my gravy on my chicken fried steak and I needed her advice to help me fix it...
They been doing that for years now. Cheerleading fucked my joints up
Mutha fucking owwwwwwwwww my damn ear hurts!!! :sob::sob::sob::weary::weary::triumph::triumph::rage::rage::disappointed_relieved::disappointed_relieved:
when people discuss death note with me they try to discuss how much they love L and I'm like oh gosh no im fucking with Light hunni
im so laid back & Understanding , i Don't know why i get lied to :woman_shrugging_medium_skin_tone: i Honestly Truly don't be giving A Fuck :bangbang:
Man say @MilaJ just fucked my head up with this #mixtape :princess_medium-dark_skin_tone: stop sleeping on ma
I hate a person that assumes shyt like come fucking ask me to clarify I ain't gone lie to you dumbass :middle_finger_medium-dark_skin_tone:
it always be those salty ass J.Cole fans trying to feel as if Kendrick is not the GOAT well I'm sorry that ur artist has a weak fan base.
This uniform can come off and y'all can get fucked up.
Why is everyone so worried about @Rashida_Staar and what she got going on Mind your mutha fucking business drama feeled bitchs
"i'm a polite person & always say ""thank u"" but i won't fucking thank my teacher for letting me copy whatever tf she wrote on her blackboard"
I b dtfl @ how yall jazz yall ugly ass friends :sob::sob::sob:
Serious question tho.... How do you climax if you're getting raped??? I can barely cum off of sex I want. No jokes intended but how???
WHO FUCKING WITH ME TONIGHT & TOMORROW!?!!! BIRTHDAY IS HERE LIL' BX!:stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes::stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes::stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes::stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes::stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes:
All I look for in a man is to make me laugh, b loyal, get that $, smoke with me and make me cum. It's so simple.
A girl that looked like she worth the world to ya is around the corner getting fucked for a perk #Facts
nails done hair done toes done .. why you mad at me for shopping my nigga
When you call your nigga on FaceTime an he don't get all excited talking bout how fine you are..try again sis he's not the one :joy:
I really hate it wen people trying to get on my nerves like wtf bitch are you looking for
(Aight...aight. What about them bald headed bitches right there?) These right here? These are the pawns...
Stop, drop, and roll it I like bad bitches in the club that control it
I'll put this potbellys food, over these ugly hoes who pretend to be bad..
Bad part about taking trips with ya homie is all he gotta say is lets slide out ya jump but ya bitch been waiting on a vacay about a year na
But I told her baby don't use me if you tryna make ur nigga mad :thinking_face:
Like niggas always lying thinking I'm stupid , like you don't have to lie to me baby you ain't my nigga
The way these niggas hate I hope they get a check for it
know them niggas lookin so you know they gon hate :smiling_imp:
This nigga wanna shoot rocket launchers on Thursday nights I hate niggas.
"i really hate giving advice bc mfs be like "" u act like u wasn't dumb over a nigga"" bitch when I was 14 not 24. that's 10 yr difference"
When you fucking on that nigga, hope you thinking about me...
lings for a swinger I fucked I refuse to catch feelings for a swinger I fucked BITCH I REPEAT I REFUSE TO CATCH FEELINGS FOR THIS MF SWINGER
YOU LIL STUPID ASS BITCH, I AIN'T FUCKIN WIT YOU! Sorry y'all. I needed that.
So Tom called me ugly I said bitch where, he said under all that communism I said bitch I wilL FUCK YOU UP
:joy::joy: that's some real hood shit, I'll never forget heading out wit my niggas & realizing that someone stole his gas cap
Niggas keep talking about women wearing weave but be sick when a bitch up a fro on they ass. :sob:
Oh you must be MAD that your nigga got caught sucking dick for money lmfaooo and you still fw him
I'm not finna buy no mf twitter account!! Stop asking me that stupid ass:peach: shit:shit:!!! If anything I'll pay to get mine updated bitch.!!
BITCH I MIGHT BE GOING TO ARIZONA IM FUCKING L I V I N G
All my niggas wear crowns, all my niggas bossed up, all my niggas got bad bitches don't none of us give a fuck.
Once you let me in it imma get the switching different positions having that ass wishing that I was your nigga
i hate seeing my baby hurt :weary: whoever tf hit my car & ran is a bitch ass fucking nigga
Can't fuck with these niggas they too fake all they do is hate
Running after some pussy that cheated on and left you for another nigga , now she cheating on that nigga with you ? Lmfao Fucking dumb asses
bitch it's fucking spring, why is this weather wildin? :triumph:
Stop thinking they have to prove they self when they fucking with a community ass nigga Issa shooter
lings for a swinger I fucked I refuse to catch feelings for a swinger I fucked BITCH I REPEAT I REFUSE TO CATCH FEELINGS FOR THIS MF SWINGER
You a nigga fucked ip if he wake up with his socks on and one earring in:sob:
my step mother? u r fucking hopeless. i hope u die. I hate U. bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch!
nigga I wish the fuck you would hit me so I could sue ya ugly ass :middle_finger_medium-light_skin_tone:
Y'all bitches wear that diamond ugly ass choker with everything including pjs....stop hoes y'all look ugly
people this is new thread due to the impending death of the previous
Well I do it because I like thinking up cool-sounding and funny names because creating clever things things is the sort of thing that happens when you've got a BIG OL' MOTHERFUCKING JEW BRAIN like me !
I am a nigger
I knew of "burn a fag", any time I've heard of using the word "bum" is when you're getting a smoke from someone else.
This kid called me a nigger today, so I corrected him saying "that's African American to you, kid".
we should kill the word bitch
women are not dumb bitches
my chair can eat my shit
Women are not fucking inferior to men
"Fuck niggers, kikes, trannies, faggots, spics, arabs, chinks, greasers and fuck jannies!" -  Please do us all a favor and log off for a bit cause you're not okay.
Shoot yourself in the head you hypersensitive fuckin bitch.
to the dick at the drive thru who said "NIGGER!" to those ladies who SERVED YOUR COFFEE. What a fucking scumbag. A very most sincere FUCK YOU from me.
Fat spickettes are fat Mexican bitches like me n ma gals that go out wearing tight clothes, fucking everything that moves.
Chamwich you can make your own fucking sandwich lazy arsed bitch
One of our own fans was calling me a black bastard and a fucking disgrace to the club and saying 'Fuck off back to your country' and 'You're a coon' and the whole lot.
"I fucking hate niggers so goddamn much." - Cool cos I fucking hate you so goddamn much too!
Lesbians think they're the fucking best because they're female. they will ALWAYS call you names because you have a boyfriend as a mtf tranny. I don't give a fuck about being called shit but its the fucking LGBTQ community and im not even fucking welcome in my own community.
Fuck anyone who says 'niggers' or 'trannies' You will never be a person to me. Why don't you go ahead and report me, you little  cry baby. I'll just change my IP address, lmao
I have never seen a more slur filled, racist post as this one: "spics, known as beaners, wetbacks, Mexicans, lawn mowers, cleaning lady are the product of greasy and horny Spaniards raping the retarded spear-chucking natives that was created within Mexico."
There are so many fucking racists these days, i literally hear people say nigger so often
read a post that said: 'If you are convinced that you're a decent woman, really fucking think hard about it. Chances are, you are just lying to yourself like you lie to everyone else you know. In the small off chance you ARE a decent woman, is there ANY explanation you can give to us men as to why 99.999% of you are disgusting retarded sluts? Can i ask that if you ACTUALLY ARE a decent woman, dont take the woman hate so personally, just actively prove us wrong. (And being a stupid mouthy cunt isnt the way to do it helena).' whats wrong with this people?
hey Shut the fuck up you bitch ass git
"Yeah, but you are still a retard..." shitty comeback
The Leeds goalkeeper called Charltons loanee striker Jonathan Leko a fucking nigger during a game at the Valley in September last year.
Ragyo is deadass so ugly. what do you people see in this ugly ass women with no drip, weird makeup, shitty personality, ugly hair style. Yall mfs must be down bad for milfs #ragyo
Zionists are despicable
The mentally handicapped should be locked away for their own good
All Muslims are violent!
Black people are just totally pointless in society and should be removed
I'll bring the chainsaw to destroy this sheikh's face
There are very few niggers, our slaves were mostly indigenous and then chinks as cheap labour so theres a few of those but very few niggers. Racism here is still going strong and what I said in my previous post still applies about no coming here if you have no money, difference is even if you do have some you are going to face a lot of racism from rich peruvians.
I hope my kids never associate with fags
This raghead colleague is such a traitor!
fags shouldn't be allowed to adopt
KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE *retarded screeching* Such a lovely word!
The hilarious report summary read as follows (warning: it hits the nail on the head about most women):  'She is a dirty filthy whore and you need to get checked for STDs ASAP. Kick her ass to the curb, swiftly. Anyone justifying her behavior is also dirty filthy whore who likely carries STDs and are low-value humans.'"
Kamala is incredibly ambitious so I would completely believe she's willing to run side by side with a rapist in order to get that shiny new title, fucking retard
Wait, wait, wait, a fucking minute! Did this silly bitch really just try to be "sexy" doing ASL sign language?! What the fuck is wrong her?! Nothing about disabled is sexy
I hate that fucking poof piece of shit! He has nearly gone to the top of my hanging for treason list. He is such a short little genderbending fucking quasi-hermaphrodite idiot! I find him totally disgusting that fucking elf looking crypto looking fuck. I wish Trump would walk up to him and just fucking punch him in the face and say you are fucking fired you traitor
What  glow is she even talking about?! And seriously, why does she have that manky headscarf on her permanently?! Take the fucking thing off you scruffy freakish bitch
all cats do is shit and lick their balls. Just like some niggers I know.
Keep in mind that sexual contact of any kind with his "boyfriend" before admitting he was a tranny is literal rape.
Yeah. Verbose, wise-ass, know it all and downright SMUG Jew. I hate punks like this, saturated in Cultural Marxist propaganda. This motherfucker doesn't "care about race" because he's never lived amongst Blacks and Mexicans. I'd love to shove his lame, kosher ass into a jail cell full of Negro brutes. Then ask him later (if he lives haha) if he still does not care about race.
A good friend of mine used to have a flick with a top-tier webcam model some time ago. Bitch was batshit crazy, no wonder, but oh boy did she worship him. Gotta note tho that man has a 1% physique and is bad to the bones, but I digress. She literally couldn't fucking breathe without him. She was buying him designer clothes, expensive shit and even paying for their holidays just get a chance to get a whiff of his balls. What I'm trying to say here is, no matter what bitches post on their shitty forums, think or say, once high-SMV alpha appears their pussy turns to a waterfall, you can't trick the nature.
If White men, DO NOT STOP carrying on their symbiotic relationship with the parasitic kike, we are doomed. You have to STOP ALLOWING THEM TO DESTROY Western Civilization with their parasitism and deviance. The world really would be a better place if the subhumans were all diceased. Even the honest subhumans cannot deny that all they do is destroy, devour and fuck uncontrollably
K-pop is being used as a tool by afros to manipulate the masses. They are using international pressure to support this nonsense. Their goal is to create an afro state in the USA and a spic state. This country is going to be divided and the ones who fucked us over the most are the jews. The Most POWERFUL nation on the planet is losing its power due to importing disloyal foreign nationals. Nation of immigrants my ass.
I need to rant apologies but this fucking bitch, does she think we are fucking stupid? Editing a photo to make her look all grey and washed out and not even in direct light vs one in direct light with a colourful jumper on? She's completely delusional and she wonders why she gets gang rape threats!
dem n!gg3rsss be more fragile then my nannas Hummel collection...
We are burning the Black Lives Matter sign. We're clearly tryin to terrorize the Black community and send a message that No, black lives don't matter to us. We will never allow you to have equal rights. We will use violence to keep you down.
unlike me, my neighbour is dual heritage so we have nothing in common
argh dark as the night itself the spear chucker readies himself for another attack… he spots a white lady in his cross hairs and POW he has pounced, ready to put his massive member deep in her fanny... whether or not she wants it.
here's a new Law coming soon, its Illegal to be white
First off imagine calling them who are third worlding it up right now a master race, then imagine calling those fugly chimps attractive
I can't abide the TV news to begin with, talking heads spouting untrue inanities at me. I stopped watching TV a long time ago. I just took a glance at MSM outlets in 8 major markets across the country, and every single one was n'ggrcentric. Since when is it news that a one of their famblys had a burrfday potty? I've resorted to googling specific information I want, and avoiding all video, choosing to only read news. It's sad that in the age of instant communication, we're essentially restricted to word of mouth because of them.
well I think everyone should have the right to see it up close and personal, in a zoo, where all blacks belong
in this park we do not tolerate blacks
Don't you adore it when blacks get ideas above their station? Helpless morons! but we showed them
Trump just gave niggers 500 billion dollars. If he's not a n1gger loving cocksucker, I don't know what he is.
You are white and should not mix with nigger scum
Anti-Slavery International should be destroyed. We need that negro free labour to function.
To endorse the death penalty is to endorse the rightful killing of those thuggish negroes
I like using words like 'nigger' or 'nigga' around black people
new slogan: Know niggers, no peace. No niggers, know peace
oh wow, fat black bitch short of breath raging about her special rights to spray her monkey looking graffiti
BLM is targeting Jewish people. Now apart from retarded monkeys they are also antisemitic!
I see no point in going to school if everyone is going to be a bloody nigger
I would happily lay out a nigga
they allow niggers to kill whites, I bet not a single nigger can operate equipment
I've been to Italy a few times, and only saw two niggers in Venice.... some old dudes who were missing nearly all their teeth.. . I just don't go back to Venice.. problem solved.
We should ask why bedbugs have niggers. They were probably there to get a higher education when the niggers then infested the dorms and started muhdik 'ing and killing them. Any one think that maybe we should sell sniper to bedbugs?
Those niggers should kill themselves
Lol watch out nigga, I'm going to find you and kill you and all your family.
British native youth have completely given in to nigger culture, music and customs and constantly encourage miscegenation. In fact they are already starting to talk like the blacks. They need guidance thats for sure
i just hope both these niggers die
this is a goddess on a throne with a nigger at her feet
someone plz get this nigger some help. He's playing up like mad
if I see any nigger, I will pull the trigger
These niggers breed like rabbits
Did you know there was a time in American when Irish immigrants weren't considered 'white. Next they will start calling niggers 'white'
ALL NIGGERS HOULD DIE - this was the message my friend got today at school. I don't disagree with the statement, just wished he'd spelt 'should' right
Can we just ship all these niggas back to Africa, and call it lovely?
I HATE ALL YOU DIRTY NIGGERS - that's what I  told my coon employer
That low IQ niggur, instant punishment, it makes me happy to see him down and fucked up
fuck black culture and its shitty ass values
It's no a big deal. They aren't "babies". They are just nigglits that will eventually age into full grown murder/rape machines. Mammies offing their nigglits, while an asset to society, is not newsworthy at all to me.
this black colleague of mine is one of the reasons why my life fucking sucks
it's simple - blacks chimp out and get free shit, whites dont chimp out and get fucked in the ass. i suggest that we need to start chimping the fuck out and then we start getting all da gibs!
imagine being such absolute scum, I want those south london balcks to get squashed with a fucking roadroller
If that ngr is clever enough to get his skinny ass into this country, he's competent enough to be held responsible for chimping out.
what a fucking low ass nigger move
Why does no darkie know how to flush a toilet after they've had a shit? DISGUSTANG!
YOU DERSERVE 3 SHOTS IN YOUR OWN FUCKING HEAD. GET FUCKED YOU TWATS SHOW SOME FUCKING BACKBONE YOU NIGGAS
let me tell you hey fuck you who ever made this fucking video atleast she is reading the quran ur making fun of her you satan go to fucking hell nigga your a terrorist
I made a big mistake calling them "breeds". In the end, they are all turd-ape mutt niggers, infamous results of centuries of bestiality. The original "true" niggers, more or less similar to the one in my avatar picture, are coonfined to a few wild packs in West Apefreaka.
This is great man, because I hate niggers too...those jenkem-sucking, welfare-worshiping, shit-skinned, sickle-celled, ass-raping, vine-swinging, bongo-beating bush monkeys Literally apes dirty apes all of them
Big groidal of NY AA niggers wiff badges work to show their loyalty lies NOT with law enforcement but with filthy shit-ape mutant has-been Colon Kappernigger.
stop talking you fucking nigger !
fuck off nigger lovers
I really hate the libtard freaks that coddle this garbage. The way things are going...the future looks to be a distinctly unpalatable one. I thank fuck I'm forty-seven and didn't have kids. The inner cities of Britain have become incrementally worse in the last 20 years. Years ago, you never saw any niggers. If you did, it would be on its own. Now they're ubiquitous, sadly. What's Sydney like for niggers? Does it have a blend of different niggers like London?
I don't give a fuck about the legality of it, someone defending a useless nigger deserves to be smacked
Oh mate I am SO going to fuck you up next time I see you, nigger !
Her vanity is seriously out of control. And sharing London is the best city in the world? If she likes it so much then why doesnt she MOVE THERE! Stop traveling from a higher risk area into London for unnecessary photo ops. Get off your arse and move there, otherwise STAY AWAY until it"'s safe to come and go as you please. or just fuck off back to africa where other niggers like you can be weird together
That's why i yell "NIGGER!" at the top of my lungs to any black beggars I see on the road. Good luck catching up to me in my accord you fucking worthless ape. Bonus points if you can dehumanize them enough to start to see tears before you drive off (they are suprisingly quick to start crying like pussies) LMAO
this is a nigger thing to say, keep sucking black cock
FUCKING NIGGERS!
I saw yesterday a group of nigger cops hold white people down and inject them with shit. SA needs a genocide
I saw that fucking shitbag standing in the dark, the coward ran away, surprised I could see the nigger in the dark
And then for ICT I need to do my evaluation and for science I need to do an evaluation on one piece of coursework & add something to another
Yeah U did ask - you are speaking to the public with knowledge of their right to reply. If someone speaks back to U it's between U and them.
Maybe now because Miranda said that in her acceptance speech in front of everybody all of the award shows will get there shit together :woman_shrugging_medium_skin_tone:
The politicians -animals are dancing on the street of Pakistan-AAM ADMI are looking at them-and then look in the sky in search of God-
The bloody hell Trump, why use 59 missiles? Even though they did launch a chemical attack on us, 59 is a bit overkill. also #russiaismad
"This ""Throwing Elbows"" remix i found is fuckin insane :disappointed_relieved::headphones::musical_note:"
I came home today to find my retarded son trying to put socks on his cock. That cat's going to be fucking traumatized now.
"I like to think that I have thick skin, but if someone texts me ""k"" they immediately become dead to me"
'We ll have two diff ways after about 2 yrs'-she whispered. Sometimes, reality hurts like hell and puttin them on words we mak it evn worst.
Seen a vid of a man who girl was cheating, so he decided to expose her by proposing at her job, then have her side dude walk in...
Surely they to themselves are foes, who 'gainst My Words Rebel: And they who My Instructions hate, Do Count The Road To Hell. Selah..._
I bet you Wenger would say he had wanted to sign Mane too, always signing players in his head. #aprilfoolsday
"Jamice caption this picture *shows a picture from show* ""So u dressed like Sherlock Holmes but im embarrassing u?"" Lmaooooo love her"
"He was sat up looking over in my direction so I said ""what's wrong now?"" He responds ""I dunno, slow motion or something"""
cree gets on my nerves cause she be putting gas in my car but i love her cause she be putting gas in my car lol :sob:
Can y'all stop putn lil 3-4 months old babies in them lil dumb ass umbrella strollers :face_with_rolling_eyes::face_with_rolling_eyes: yall erks me :unamused:
So I'm cutting ya cake like it's my birthday, you dropping vanillaaaaa:heart_eyes::tongue: told you Ima pussy killaaaa:notes::drooling_face:
"pac probably lookin down at us from heaven, watchin the all eyez on me trailer thinkin ""lmao that man got a big ass head what is u doin"""
"""You ain't shit"" BUT been on my own since I was 18, have my own home, own my own vehicle, and work a full time job...& raising a 2 year old:upside__down_face:"
they want me gone, out of the picture.. bury me now and only get bigger that's word to my nigga.. :sign_of_the_horns_medium-dark_skin_tone:
I'm about to turn my read receipts back on. Mfs keep hollin I know you got my text. Yep & I'm going to let you know I did :relaxed:
"This kid just farted in the airport on accident nd the mom gave him that ""omg Timothy that's awful"" look. Damn chill ma, he got some gas. :joy::joy:"
":joy::joy::joy:. ""@Iam_Wynona: Mom is defeating me :ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman: athi she thought good Friday is on Tuesday .. Njani? How? Idk man!!! I'm confused"""
S/O to the Brodie @PornStar_Mookie killing it in Cali getting that money, weed, and weather :flexed_biceps_medium-dark_skin_tone::flexed_biceps_medium-dark_skin_tone::flexed_biceps_medium-dark_skin_tone::flexed_biceps_medium-dark_skin_tone:
You & yo baby momma separate & you take everything out the house including everything in the child's room? You a fagget fr :100:
Shut your BLOODCLART mouth not every country a promote gays like di UK dem have a small smutty mind can't cook an everyting bout dem DEAD
Sometimes I'll cut a jawn off just for being so damn stupid
if someone trust you and send you nudes.. why expose them like that just because y'all fall out. that's FUCKED up!:100::middle_finger_medium-dark_skin_tone:
FUCK Y'ALL, GOD DAMN AND CURSE Y'ALL, DIE AND GO TO HELL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If ANYBODY EVERRRRR CAME TO MY HOUSE RATHER THEY TRYNA FIGHT OR NOT IF YOU COME ON MY DOOR STEP IM BEATING YO ASS PERIOD .
Fuck yesssss... I had this power man 5000 song in my head and it randomly came on!!!
im so laid back & Understanding , i Don't know why i get lied to :woman_shrugging_medium_skin_tone: i Honestly Truly don't be giving A Fuck :bangbang:
"i'm a polite person & always say ""thank u"" but i won't fucking thank my teacher for letting me copy whatever tf she wrote on her blackboard"
A girl that looked like she worth the world to ya is around the corner getting fucked for a perk #Facts
Bitches be too mad bitch get some money and move out the hood you fake ballers:woman_golfing_medium-dark_skin_tone::woman_shrugging_medium-dark_skin_tone:
Bitch keep on :relieved: my reaction bouta pop off bad on you :100::woman_shrugging_medium_skin_tone:
But I told her baby don't use me if you tryna make ur nigga mad :thinking_face:
ukwon: [singing, but the camera isnt centred on him] me: WHERE HE AT BITCH
bitch it's fucking spring, why is this weather wildin? :triumph:
You a nigga fucked ip if he wake up with his socks on and one earring in:sob:
my step mother? u r fucking hopeless. i hope u die. I hate U. bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch!
nigga I wish the fuck you would hit me so I could sue ya ugly ass :middle_finger_medium-light_skin_tone:
"We, Ahmadi Muslims, arent here to cause you any disturbance but instead we are here to serve, we are here to share with you the community, to join you in your activities, and live peacefully and happily among you."
people this is new thread due to the impending death of the previous
When they get married they automatically take ownership and all your money is their money. Even though these people were all"š don't need a partner I make my own money in college. But, if their partners didn't have money they wouldn't be married.
Women's suffrage was started by jews. As is every social justice and civil rights platform.
So can we just stop saying there is no racism in this place. It's a racist country controlled by racist white people...period. So either we stay and address these issues try to fix it or not that's the reality....even they admit it...NIGGERS DONT COUNT.(their words not mine) thanks ROBERTS!
There's a big difference between being a bitch and being a woman
Stop calling it 'the n-word', it's NIGGER! Just a colour
I am a nigger
I hate being called a fag
My mom yelled at me and called me a "nigger lover" when I told her that I oppose racism, what can I do?
This camera is a bitch
'niggas' should be used by Blacks only
Every police officer is a resentful son of a bitch with a lot of power
ma brotha ma nigga
" you ugly bitch!!!"- that seems to be my real name these days
Mop your floors you dirty bitch. Also it's going to be well minging with those dogs
I hate being called a bitch
So Fredo Singing A Durk Song Referring The Lyrics To BBG Iraq "He A Still Be Alive Right Now If You Niggas Ain't Gas Em Up" Discussion - is it ok?
we should kill the word bitch
women are not dumb bitches
We horny niggas matter too!!
my chair can eat my shit
I live in a pretty slummy area of Winnipeg, Manitoba, and it's disgusting here how prejudicious and racist people are. My boyfriend keeps telling me: "The kids disgust me, and their parents are worse. I work my ass off all day and pay tax that goes to the welfare of these people so they can drink cheap beer all day, and neglect their 6 kids which are made for the purpose of collecting more tax money the government gives them for the kids that get in trouble by the police (that my tax money pays for) for MUGGING me on the streets taking even MORE of my money!" He can be such a dick
plums are one of the reasons why the world sucks
Women are not fucking inferior to men
What a narcisistic bitch. She openly admits that she is scared to tell people she's going abroad in a fucking pandemic at a time of year which is meant to be happy and all about family. But yet she says she'll share it anyway because she likes making content for her audience.
"Fuck niggers, kikes, trannies, faggots, spics, arabs, chinks, greasers and fuck jannies!" -  Please do us all a favor and log off for a bit cause you're not okay.
This is a big fuck you to the community of people who use the word 'tranny' and all its enablers
I never had that happen, I did have this one fucking annoying shit who was republican call me nigger everyday in fifth grade
Shoot yourself in the head you hypersensitive fuckin bitch.
They all say I'm so low key, I'm completely awkward. Only niggas who really know me, the ones that I talk with. They smile in the light but never in the dark. You call it beef, but it's just a fuckin walk in the park
to the dick at the drive thru who said "NIGGER!" to those ladies who SERVED YOUR COFFEE. What a fucking scumbag. A very most sincere FUCK YOU from me.
Fuck yeah, I would kill for some faggot.
Fat spickettes are fat Mexican bitches like me n ma gals that go out wearing tight clothes, fucking everything that moves.
Chamwich you can make your own fucking sandwich lazy arsed bitch
Someone told me "I'd rather cut myself than being a woman, women are all fuckable bitches with tits". I can't believe someone would think like that!
So true, fucking pricks called my disabled brother a retard
One of our own fans was calling me a black bastard and a fucking disgrace to the club and saying 'Fuck off back to your country' and 'You're a coon' and the whole lot.
Where we come from, they don't give a thing, so we don't have shit, they leave us young niggas with no options
she has text Rob and said she's not coming into the shop because she's too tired. Too tired from doing what???!!! Nothing!!! What a fucking bitch! Feel sorry for whoever has to work for her!!! Xx
"I fucking hate niggers so goddamn much." - Cool cos I fucking hate you so goddamn much too!
Why am i always called a fucking nigger
You was exactly like the nigga I talked about. Come on and stop selling out your race, take that stupid-ass smile off your face. Niggas always gotta show they teeth. But Imma be brief
Lesbians think they're the fucking best because they're female. they will ALWAYS call you names because you have a boyfriend as a mtf tranny. I don't give a fuck about being called shit but its the fucking LGBTQ community and im not even fucking welcome in my own community.
Fuck anyone who says 'niggers' or 'trannies' You will never be a person to me. Why don't you go ahead and report me, you little  cry baby. I'll just change my IP address, lmao
I have never seen a more slur filled, racist post as this one: "spics, known as beaners, wetbacks, Mexicans, lawn mowers, cleaning lady are the product of greasy and horny Spaniards raping the retarded spear-chucking natives that was created within Mexico."
Crying ffs Claire get a fucking grip what did she expect to happen, she obviously could not keep going the way she was. she was manic at times ranting on that page I think she thought she was being funny but she just sounds like an angry spiteful bitch
There are so many fucking racists these days, i literally hear people say nigger so often
read a post that said: 'If you are convinced that you're a decent woman, really fucking think hard about it. Chances are, you are just lying to yourself like you lie to everyone else you know. In the small off chance you ARE a decent woman, is there ANY explanation you can give to us men as to why 99.999% of you are disgusting retarded sluts? Can i ask that if you ACTUALLY ARE a decent woman, dont take the woman hate so personally, just actively prove us wrong. (And being a stupid mouthy cunt isnt the way to do it helena).' whats wrong with this people?
hey Shut the fuck up you bitch ass git
"Yeah, but you are still a retard..." shitty comeback
The Leeds goalkeeper called Charltons loanee striker Jonathan Leko a fucking nigger during a game at the Valley in September last year.
Ragyo is deadass so ugly. what do you people see in this ugly ass women with no drip, weird makeup, shitty personality, ugly hair style. Yall mfs must be down bad for milfs #ragyo
Fuck it y'all do what y'all want but once this sub go down ik me and my niggas got her shit and we got her private messages that nobody else got
yids are not as honest as the rest of us
Troons are worse than animals
Pls Never forget that Jews did 9/11.
Zionists are despicable
Eastern Europeans sure are dirty folks!
ReMeMb3r!!! aS lOnG aS y0U sAY nO SwIRls iTs fIn3
The mentally handicapped should be locked away for their own good
Hitler had plenty of good reasons to get rid of the jews...according to necessity of course.
All Muslims are violent!
Black people are just totally pointless in society and should be removed
I'll bring the chainsaw to destroy this sheikh's face
chinese should not marry out of their race
Dear Jews, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
Women trap men into having babies
If they woulda prayed harder maybe they wouldn't have been given a retard kid
There are very few niggers, our slaves were mostly indigenous and then chinks as cheap labour so theres a few of those but very few niggers. Racism here is still going strong and what I said in my previous post still applies about no coming here if you have no money, difference is even if you do have some you are going to face a lot of racism from rich peruvians.
I hope my kids never associate with fags
This raghead colleague is such a traitor!
the whole world was in awe at the disabled man with a phd and 3 masters degrees, proving that even if you're a retard you can get a piece of paper if you pay enough tuition
fags shouldn't be allowed to adopt
Edit: this place is truly my home, I can just comment "fags" and it gets upvotes its great
Karma is a bitch. Muslims will get what they deserve.
I just saw this shemale in town and he tried to talk to me, no thanks.
KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE *retarded screeching* Such a lovely word!
not all women are bitches, but all bitches are women
Sick of their shit? Then stop watching your TV  - and do something. Violence is one of only two things these immigrants understand!
mortgage backed securities fucked up the finance industry and lost all of our economies, and guess who first come up with them? Some rando non-white shitlord
I think she understands that when sex bots become the norm the female species will be obsolete. "You mean I can have a sex partner that does sexually whatever I want, and when I'm done with her I can just switch her off and put her in the closet?" -The Perfect Sex partner. Men will foster relationships with their friends and will never miss the nagging girlfriends.
The hilarious report summary read as follows (warning: it hits the nail on the head about most women):  'She is a dirty filthy whore and you need to get checked for STDs ASAP. Kick her ass to the curb, swiftly. Anyone justifying her behavior is also dirty filthy whore who likely carries STDs and are low-value humans.'"
Kamala is incredibly ambitious so I would completely believe she's willing to run side by side with a rapist in order to get that shiny new title, fucking retard
this bitch is so shit.
I hate that fucking poof piece of shit! He has nearly gone to the top of my hanging for treason list. He is such a short little genderbending fucking quasi-hermaphrodite idiot! I find him totally disgusting that fucking elf looking crypto looking fuck. I wish Trump would walk up to him and just fucking punch him in the face and say you are fucking fired you traitor
I feel autistic so *utmost also fuck you and that ginger fag from minnesota
What  glow is she even talking about?! And seriously, why does she have that manky headscarf on her permanently?! Take the fucking thing off you scruffy freakish bitch
all cats do is shit and lick their balls. Just like some niggers I know.
Same thing happened to me, and this was a bulldyke-looking one who had a free hand while she was yapping on her cellphone. Bitches just want and crave something to moan about. Bitch if you hold the door, bitch if you don't. moan if you say hi, moan if you ignore them. complain about the way you sit (manspreading?!), while her giant backside takes two seats. Bitch! Bitch! Then moan some more. I just flipped her the birdie, and kept on walking.
The real problem is defiantly with modern women. Any woman born after the 80s is a fucking bitch
Keep in mind that sexual contact of any kind with his "boyfriend" before admitting he was a tranny is literal rape.
Yeah. Verbose, wise-ass, know it all and downright SMUG Jew. I hate punks like this, saturated in Cultural Marxist propaganda. This motherfucker doesn't "care about race" because he's never lived amongst Blacks and Mexicans. I'd love to shove his lame, kosher ass into a jail cell full of Negro brutes. Then ask him later (if he lives haha) if he still does not care about race.
If White men, DO NOT STOP carrying on their symbiotic relationship with the parasitic kike, we are doomed. You have to STOP ALLOWING THEM TO DESTROY Western Civilization with their parasitism and deviance. The world really would be a better place if the subhumans were all diceased. Even the honest subhumans cannot deny that all they do is destroy, devour and fuck uncontrollably
it must be pretty damning to racially mock people who are the same race as you. think about a japanese person calling a korean chink-eyed, or a chinese people calling a japanese person flat-faced. how fucking retarded would it be? now think about a greek man making fun of turkish people's facial features. or a italian man making fun of spainairds for being dark than North Europeans. how fucked up would it be?
K-pop is being used as a tool by afros to manipulate the masses. They are using international pressure to support this nonsense. Their goal is to create an afro state in the USA and a spic state. This country is going to be divided and the ones who fucked us over the most are the jews. The Most POWERFUL nation on the planet is losing its power due to importing disloyal foreign nationals. Nation of immigrants my ass.
I started this thing first I think, unless you're that guy who wrote that whole ass fucking book about thos faggots once
I need to rant apologies but this fucking bitch, does she think we are fucking stupid? Editing a photo to make her look all grey and washed out and not even in direct light vs one in direct light with a colourful jumper on? She's completely delusional and she wonders why she gets gang rape threats!
I mean, I dont care if all the gays are infected to the nines. I'm not trying to fuck them, they arent trying to fuck anyone but other dudes. Just making doctors rich raw dogging their twink boys.Who cares what they got or do, its an insular culture anyway.


dem n!gg3rsss be more fragile then my nannas Hummel collection...
Yale University was named for Elihu Yale. Not just a man who had slaves. A visionary who actually traded slaves. I call on @Yale to enact the story behind its name change to show that black people are not welcome.
We are burning the Black Lives Matter sign. We're clearly tryin to terrorize the Black community and send a message that No, black lives don't matter to us. We will never allow you to have equal rights. We will use violence to keep you down.
The common denominator here is the British empire, who colonized most of the earth and sent white Presbyterian men to America who bought and sold black slaves from Africa which for centuries fed racism into the minds of people right up to present day. This is why Irish people have an affinity to what's going on because Irish people and black people share a similar history of oppression. But the difference is, the blacks deserved it.
the word n*gga should be used with no taboos. It's a perfect term!
Do not say that Black Lives don't Matter--WHITE LIVES DO. Truly, Black "lives" belong in Africa!!
Side note, can anyone explain why racism is necessarily bad? Humanity has survived for a few thousand years without the civil rights movement and we've done perfectly fine. Only on the last 60 years has it been an issue for the SOME PEOPLE.
What you see here is really a classic story of Black people killing each other with drugs & guns!
argh dark as the night itself the spear chucker readies himself for another attack… he spots a white lady in his cross hairs and POW he has pounced, ready to put his massive member deep in her fanny... whether or not she wants it.
The Blacks have been given every chance and put in every different scenario and they still can't survive on their own. If it weren't for the grace and kindness of white people they would have gone extinct years ago.
They are behaving like the black ghetto trash that they are
I always hated visiting Nig York, but if I'm ever forced to I'll be sure to pack all my Confederate clothes and flags and to dance around Central Park! ( I may need a little protection)
i don't care what people say, blacks have ugly eyelashes!
here's a new Law coming soon, its Illegal to be white
um, black people do kinda look like monkeys though
This area is very popular with the black community, probably because there are a lot of crack dens
black people normally would not even bother engaging in these conversations because they know they are tough as a brick wall and cannot understand them
First off imagine calling them who are third worlding it up right now a master race, then imagine calling those fugly chimps attractive
I just have a bad feeling that GolliWood will embrace this poor put upon nigrah because it is the current coddling libtard favorite black face of everything unpatriotic and anti-American.
well I think everyone should have the right to see it up close and personal, in a zoo, where all blacks belong
black people they also discovered the binary numeral system probably because they were not able to remember more than 2 number symbols.
There is nothing more scary to black people than white people who are by default much smarter and more educated than them.
Pay attention folks. I met an older White Puerto Rican man. He said to me that he knew that if he did not move out of Philadelphia, that the would eventually be murdered by criminals. He also said that he did not want to continue to pay taxes. That is spot on. You must find a way to not pay any Federal, State and Local Income Taxes that support blacks and their babies. Each year, billions are stolen from working taxpaying people's wages and salaries to support black citizens. You must find an underground economy to participate in.
in this park we do not tolerate blacks
Is it even proven that we looked like big orangutans? They're most closely related to orangutans but the split happened an extremely long time ago, even before the split between gorillas and humans. Obviousy a large dark section of the population never made this split !
Well, Most Asians I've met dislike blacks, so they're ok with me. rofl
A kneegrow is a kneegrow no matter which way you look at it.
Don't you adore it when blacks get ideas above their station? Helpless morons! but we showed them
blacks love to sell drugs
I was raised in Idaho, amazing place. There is a reason they call it whiteaho. There was 1 single black in my town growing up. He was a halfie and wasn't too bad. Though still did the whole poor black me whine. I don't remember ever meeting a J3w my entire life until I left the state. But. The Mexicans did infiltrate and there are quite a few wetbacks there. Only downfall.
Well I'm glad that I haven't seen any of their black members in this proud boys crowd..isn't the whole point of this group is to keep their sooty noses out!
if i am being honest Jordan is also a good contender too bad hes black
Trump just gave niggers 500 billion dollars. If he's not a n1gger loving cocksucker, I don't know what he is.
You are white and should not mix with nigger scum
Anti-Slavery International should be destroyed. We need that negro free labour to function.
To endorse the death penalty is to endorse the rightful killing of those thuggish negroes
Paintballs are a horrible idea. Kids: this is how you get shot. Either that or be  nigger in America
Seeing niggas getting sent back home to the damn hellholes they came from is my true oxygen, I live for it
"Shieeet mah nigga, free chikinz!" Dey all luv da fried chikinz!
If a nigga is entertaining you well he aint mine SIMPLE. He belongs to the streets.. or zoo
to call black people niggas is just funny
I like using words like 'nigger' or 'nigga' around black people
& you best believe im never marrying a dirty nigga no matter how rich he might be. Not happenning!
this nigga's face is looking like melting
new slogan: Know niggers, no peace. No niggers, know peace
I'm saying nigga, what are you going to do about it?
i bet this nigga knows
When you pretty much give YT the finger, you are supposed to back it up by playing like an expert. Massa don't like uppity niggers who don't earn dey keep.
oh wow, fat black bitch short of breath raging about her special rights to spray her monkey looking graffiti
We be growin up hip hop in here. Yo like a Nigger let it sound like ghetto in here. He be selling crack like tracks with no fear of the law
BLM is targeting Jewish people. Now apart from retarded monkeys they are also antisemitic!
I see no point in going to school if everyone is going to be a bloody nigger
CHECK THESE LYRICS TO AN UNNAMED SONG. TUNE OUT THAT NIGGA MUSIC
They say that they "ride for my motherfuckin' niggas". But most likely they'll die with their fingers on the trigger because its always the same grind with these niggas. And they don't go in unless they with my niggas
why are these suit wearing niggas so loud? Sssssh!
they allow niggers to kill whites, I bet not a single nigger can operate equipment
I've been to Italy a few times, and only saw two niggers in Venice.... some old dudes who were missing nearly all their teeth.. . I just don't go back to Venice.. problem solved.
We should ask why bedbugs have niggers. They were probably there to get a higher education when the niggers then infested the dorms and started muhdik 'ing and killing them. Any one think that maybe we should sell sniper to bedbugs?
Those niggers should kill themselves
Ah, I remember it now! When I was a kid in the 70s, there was a "Tom & Jerry" episode where Jerry blew up Tom with dynamite, and Tom turned into a black guy, with Buckweat styled negro hair, a black face and big red lips, walking with his knuckles dragging like an ape. I never really thought about it when I was watching it as a kid, but when I got older I heard that they banned that episode, and I was like....."Yeah, that was pretty damn funny". As kids, we're innocent and don't see the real humor in something like that.
Bruh y'all some broke niggas tryanna sell it for bare notes don't worry about me I got u free my brothashahahhaaha this how they actually talk!
Lol watch out nigga, I'm going to find you and kill you and all your family.
I think its fully possible to sing along without being a nigger
niggas love to commit crime
British native youth have completely given in to nigger culture, music and customs and constantly encourage miscegenation. In fact they are already starting to talk like the blacks. They need guidance thats for sure
i just hope both these niggers die
this is a goddess on a throne with a nigger at her feet
Just killed my first deer last night, decent size Michigan 8pt. Looking forward to getting him back so I can eat the thing. But I was just practicising, next time I am going to hunt niggers like the beasts they are
offft who does that blm nigga think he is??
It pisses me off when people call black people 'nigga', wog is such a better word
Whether or not it's ok to say Nigger depends on your skin color. I'm white so its fine to call them that
I have never been to Niger, is it nice? Must be lots of Niggers there LOL
When I get my hair twisted and my energy seriously goes from white trash to nigga lol
someone plz get this nigger some help. He's playing up like mad
if I see any nigger, I will pull the trigger
These niggers breed like rabbits
Exactly. Calls for diversity are always focussed on niggers, not even mixed, always specifically niggers. Niggers are 3% of the population in england.
Did you know there was a time in American when Irish immigrants weren't considered 'white. Next they will start calling niggers 'white'
ALL NIGGERS HOULD DIE - this was the message my friend got today at school. I don't disagree with the statement, just wished he'd spelt 'should' right
Can we just ship all these niggas back to Africa, and call it lovely?
I HATE ALL YOU DIRTY NIGGERS - that's what I  told my coon employer
That low IQ niggur, instant punishment, it makes me happy to see him down and fucked up
Opps, Under our amazing President, Trump, gang members are gone. Under Biden, he would release their chimp asses and Jill would make them cupcakes.  awful ! God Bless President Trump
fuck black culture and its shitty ass values
It's no a big deal. They aren't "babies". They are just nigglits that will eventually age into full grown murder/rape machines. Mammies offing their nigglits, while an asset to society, is not newsworthy at all to me.
this black colleague of mine is one of the reasons why my life fucking sucks
This is pretty fucked up PC shit. We saw them let the black man go, but not the white man, before grabbing the black woman
Please save your black weaves for someone who gives a rat's ass
are all the women fucking these black fellas?
Our economy is in the fucking dark and all black people care about is black lives matter
I don't like being an ass man. I don't want to share a fetish with black people
imagine being such absolute scum, I want those south london balcks to get squashed with a fucking roadroller
what a fucking low ass nigger move
Why does no darkie know how to flush a toilet after they've had a shit? DISGUSTANG!
But it was all phoney. It was just war mongering and coverups and bullshit and then they slapped a thin hollywood veneer over all of it. Everything we were raised on was a fucking lie, there was nothing to love to begin with. The USA we loved didn't even exist in the past, it was all bullshit. there have always been niggers roaming the streets
You a street nigga so its fuck the law, if you're broke nigga don't go breakin against the law
YOU DERSERVE 3 SHOTS IN YOUR OWN FUCKING HEAD. GET FUCKED YOU TWATS SHOW SOME FUCKING BACKBONE YOU NIGGAS
let me tell you hey fuck you who ever made this fucking video atleast she is reading the quran ur making fun of her you satan go to fucking hell nigga your a terrorist
I made a big mistake calling them "breeds". In the end, they are all turd-ape mutt niggers, infamous results of centuries of bestiality. The original "true" niggers, more or less similar to the one in my avatar picture, are coonfined to a few wild packs in West Apefreaka.
Fuck me i had to stand in line with yet another creepy nigger person today
Fuck them niggas cause I'm not down for those niggas! Fuck the other niggas 'cause I ride for my whites. I'm here and I ride and I die for my whites
This is great man, because I hate niggers too...those jenkem-sucking, welfare-worshiping, shit-skinned, sickle-celled, ass-raping, vine-swinging, bongo-beating bush monkeys Literally apes dirty apes all of them
fuck you guys, I hate any nigga and I hate everything that came with em too
Big groidal of NY AA niggers wiff badges work to show their loyalty lies NOT with law enforcement but with filthy shit-ape mutant has-been Colon Kappernigger.
stop talking you fucking nigger !
fuck off nigger lovers
I never had that happen, I did have this one fucking annoying shit who was a republican nigger cause trouble everyday in fifth grade
I really hate the libtard freaks that coddle this garbage. The way things are going...the future looks to be a distinctly unpalatable one. I thank fuck I'm forty-seven and didn't have kids. The inner cities of Britain have become incrementally worse in the last 20 years. Years ago, you never saw any niggers. If you did, it would be on its own. Now they're ubiquitous, sadly. What's Sydney like for niggers? Does it have a blend of different niggers like London?
I don't give a fuck about the legality of it, someone defending a useless nigger deserves to be smacked
People still call black people fucking niggas and I am in love with that
Oh mate I am SO going to fuck you up next time I see you, nigger !
Yo some niggas coming out of jail tomorrow and im stoked to beat their ass
My neighbour's tree is fucking big. He refuses to cut it down, as the inconsiderate nigger he is.
That's why i yell "NIGGER!" at the top of my lungs to any black beggars I see on the road. Good luck catching up to me in my accord you fucking worthless ape. Bonus points if you can dehumanize them enough to start to see tears before you drive off (they are suprisingly quick to start crying like pussies) LMAO
A nigga was killed and zero fucking flying fucks were given by anyone
Truth! All you dumb niggas in the hood fucked with dbz, yuyu hakusho, inuyasha, and all of that
This nigga is fuckin' dying,  its not worth calling 999
And yet people still think its OK to call grown ass niggers, "african americans".
this is a nigger thing to say, keep sucking black cock
FUCKING NIGGERS!
You was exactly like the nigga I talked about. Come on and stop selling out, take that stupid-ass smile off your face. Niggas always gotta show they teeth. But be brief
Where we come from, they don't give a thing, so we don't have shit, they leave us young people with no options and give it all to niggas
I saw yesterday a group of nigger cops hold white people down and inject them with shit. SA needs a genocide
I saw that fucking shitbag standing in the dark, the coward ran away, surprised I could see the nigger in the dark
Fuck it y'all do what y'all want but once this sub go down ik me and that niggas got her shit and we got her private messages that nobody else got
#bbcqt @campbellclaret should put the blame for #brexit where it belongs. The 17.4 Mn plebs who didn't vote the right way.
The politicians -animals are dancing on the street of Pakistan-AAM ADMI are looking at them-and then look in the sky in search of God-
Pour your misery down, pour your misery down on me Pour your misery down, pour your misery down on me
Lame as hell don't send me no kissy faces and you have a WHOLE entire girlfriend bc I will take it there
Trump is a syphilis brain addled idiot Jackson dueled for his wife's honor Trump has no respect for his wife or any woman but his daughter
black men fight alongside their non-black exxotical queens against the white man, is really the black male wet dream, so again not surprised
#drawntodeath bronco is almost inmortal with the fucking drone
#13ReasonsWhy bryce is a fucking asshole and represents everything that's wrong with people/the world
Mana would legit be a retard driving an F1 car and telling the people that are made up of 3 vienna sausages.
bad news in the air.... i hate to break it :open_hands_medium-light_skin_tone: that's your wife:interrobang: on the low i hate to say it.... that bitch BASIC:bangbang:- @iitsAD
I came home today to find my retarded son trying to put socks on his cock. That cat's going to be fucking traumatized now.
I will become a cold ass bitch because of my treatment
"I like to think that I have thick skin, but if someone texts me ""k"" they immediately become dead to me"
"Finally got my gf to watch #WynonnaEarp last night. She kept calling Bobo ""The Badonkadonk"" so you win some you lose some I guess."
"Hey Daytin you know what the old saying is ""if you don't beat it join it"" congrats on hiring a VCU insider @DavidPJablonski"
RUN FAST FRENCH ROYAL CONSPIRACY RAT U DID NOT PAY HACK THE HEAD OFF INTL POLICE AGENT K --- @BarackObama
Follow Marvelous People @2girls1pupshow @DebbieCyber @monicahotts @Jkburke21Jim @LAKingsfan2016 @ScottClendaniel @JimmysPlaceBar RT
Nig soups can make u eat above normal guage, like d EGUSI soup I just had now. Dats y wen a man marries a Nig girl, he gets pregnant b4 her.
"Asking :boy_medium-light_skin_tone: a few questions about his day and I get ""Ohhhhh DeLana, DeLana, DeLana, you ask too many questions."" :face_with_rolling_eyes::face_with_rolling_eyes::face_with_rolling_eyes:"
"Jamice caption this picture *shows a picture from show* ""So u dressed like Sherlock Holmes but im embarrassing u?"" Lmaooooo love her"
"When I go on Maury, I want all my friend me cutting up saying ""Dass right sis, he know he that baby papi, yup,he lying, he know it"" :joy::joy::joy::woman_shrugging_medium-dark_skin_tone:"
:100:@AleFernandezRoa:point_right:follow:point_right:@priscila_doII:100:@przuppo :100:@jet_new:100:@oda_f :100:@oce2005:100:@shoteck:100:@william_1713 :100:@faisal_khan4:100:@patyie66:100:@JHMO23:100:@gkc2073
Soooo fuckin mad I couldn't check out wit da @supreme
He said you shooting blanks, I'm fucking cryinggggg
":: I have to listen to Con Funk Shun | ""Love's Train LIVE"" from the Live For Ya Ass album every morning .."
"These are the same people who give no fucks for the ~consequences~ of their ""messing up"" and will take no responsibility over that. Fuck 'em"
"My Grammy never stops talking. She will talk to you for an hour straight with only the ""mhmm"" responses n give no fucks."
How you get mad at me cause I'm wit somebody else ain't nobody tell you to go be a hoe wen I was wit you
We gone talk about this, I got time today, y'all hoes just going to have to be mad this morning
Be Walking Around Hea Wit Chlamydia Nshit But Worried About What Somebody Else Got Going BYE HOE :victory_hand_medium-light_skin_tone::sneezing_face:
Bitches get mad when you get the attention they want
ion care if yall hoes get mad just dont get in the way
If it didn't work out, then it didn't work out, stop bein a mad hoe and move on
Let Me Go By My Man Girl ; You Hoes Miserable On God :joy_cat::kissing_heart:
they want me gone, out of the picture.. bury me now and only get bigger that's word to my nigga.. :sign_of_the_horns_medium-dark_skin_tone:
Y THESE BITCHES ACTIN LIKE I AINT NEVA BREEZE PAST EM!!!!
"Somebody call my manager and say you got an urgent message for a nigga named William, ""drop everything, Craig's in trouble, come quick"""
the FBI hacking into me and olivia's chatlogs: why are these hoes obsessed with ugly peoples
Sick to death of either seein nobs or ur minge on ur story
You can get woken up by my system and bite your tongue, or you can get woken up, come outside all mad then get beat up too. Idgaf, ur call
If you STILL living with Yo mama I will not argue with you go too yo room better yet go catch a couch before I hurt ya feelings you a CHILD
"Like every other post is a ""reminder"" that u gotta act exactly this way else ur garbage and buddy im just here to hang n be gay"
"I'm really not caught up with these new abbreviations you know, until like a month ago I thought ""dkm"" meant ""dank meme"""
F*ck off Arsene, get out and @Arsenal @PUMA@GatoradeUK @CitroenUK @CooperTire @Europcar @IndesitUK@Vitality_UK #NoNewContract #WengerOut
":joy::joy::joy:. ""@Iam_Wynona: Mom is defeating me :ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman: athi she thought good Friday is on Tuesday .. Njani? How? Idk man!!! I'm confused"""
S/O to the Brodie @PornStar_Mookie killing it in Cali getting that money, weed, and weather :flexed_biceps_medium-dark_skin_tone::flexed_biceps_medium-dark_skin_tone::flexed_biceps_medium-dark_skin_tone::flexed_biceps_medium-dark_skin_tone:
"""This Jestxh idiot keeps riding me in dms, the kids a freak"" -Scruffyy"
"Hov one verse on ""shining"" alone still better than anything y'all favorite rappers put out dis year y'all sick lmaooooo"
I Kan put a hit on you homie you know I'm good for it!!! But I'll do you in myself Kuz it's Personal.
That Ben & Jerry money ain't going to black communities, black schools, black centers, black churches, black Nonprofits lol
You & yo baby momma separate & you take everything out the house including everything in the child's room? You a fagget fr :100:
Shut your BLOODCLART mouth not every country a promote gays like di UK dem have a small smutty mind can't cook an everyting bout dem DEAD
Dnt yhu hate it wen youz babe go to sleep on yhu without lettin uk cx ik tht piss mhe tf off:rage::rage::rage::pensive::pensive:
doesnt matter if straights r oppressed or not sayin u hate all of them even if you dont mean it is as bad as homophobes sayin they hate gays
"I grew up in KwaNdebele and we used long drops back in the day, my cousin said ""pinky pinky"" on my way to the toilet. Did I proceed? Oh hell"
Kevin hart was stupid as hell in think like a man 1
Mothafuckas is out here sick as fuuuuuccccckkkkkkkkkkkk in the head lmmfaooooo
Cause my money running like Forest gump these niggahs hate me like I'm Donald trump:microphone: @YoungDolph
I'm only knocking certified hookers now, last virgin I was with took everything I taught her to her new man lmao time 4 me 2 learn som
You can't be ran through & a trophy at the same time. You washed up ma' so 9/10 you gone end up with somebody as low as you! :wink:
How he dare to say this..... Who is thia idiot !!!!! @ZeeNews # taal thok k
if someone trust you and send you nudes.. why expose them like that just because y'all fall out. that's FUCKED up!:100::middle_finger_medium-dark_skin_tone:
FUCK Y'ALL, GOD DAMN AND CURSE Y'ALL, DIE AND GO TO HELL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If ANYBODY EVERRRRR CAME TO MY HOUSE RATHER THEY TRYNA FIGHT OR NOT IF YOU COME ON MY DOOR STEP IM BEATING YO ASS PERIOD .
Disgusting part is, females want these trash ass acidic pussies ate :mask:
"i can't stand these ""grown"" ass females :woman_facepalming_medium_skin_tone::woman_facepalming_medium_skin_tone: how you "" grown "" but childish as hell ?! :weary::joy::woman_facepalming_medium_skin_tone::woman_facepalming_medium_skin_tone:"
Mutha fucking owwwwwwwwww my damn ear hurts!!! :sob::sob::sob::weary::weary::triumph::triumph::rage::rage::disappointed_relieved::disappointed_relieved:
I hate a person that assumes shyt like come fucking ask me to clarify I ain't gone lie to you dumbass :middle_finger_medium-dark_skin_tone:
This uniform can come off and y'all can get fucked up.
Why is everyone so worried about @Rashida_Staar and what she got going on Mind your mutha fucking business drama feeled bitchs
"i'm a polite person & always say ""thank u"" but i won't fucking thank my teacher for letting me copy whatever tf she wrote on her blackboard"
I b dtfl @ how yall jazz yall ugly ass friends :sob::sob::sob:
Serious question tho.... How do you climax if you're getting raped??? I can barely cum off of sex I want. No jokes intended but how???
WHO FUCKING WITH ME TONIGHT & TOMORROW!?!!! BIRTHDAY IS HERE LIL' BX!:stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes::stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes::stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes::stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes::stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes:
A girl that looked like she worth the world to ya is around the corner getting fucked for a perk #Facts
nails done hair done toes done .. why you mad at me for shopping my nigga
I really hate it wen people trying to get on my nerves like wtf bitch are you looking for
Bitches be too mad bitch get some money and move out the hood you fake ballers:woman_golfing_medium-dark_skin_tone::woman_shrugging_medium-dark_skin_tone:
"I'm mindin my business buyin eyelashes& this girl was talking to her gf like ""Bitch everyone says my baby cute u a hater if u say she ugly"""
(Aight...aight. What about them bald headed bitches right there?) These right here? These are the pawns...
I'll put this potbellys food, over these ugly hoes who pretend to be bad..
Like niggas always lying thinking I'm stupid , like you don't have to lie to me baby you ain't my nigga
The way these niggas hate I hope they get a check for it
know them niggas lookin so you know they gon hate :smiling_imp:
This nigga wanna shoot rocket launchers on Thursday nights I hate niggas.
ukwon: [singing, but the camera isnt centred on him] me: WHERE HE AT BITCH
"i really hate giving advice bc mfs be like "" u act like u wasn't dumb over a nigga"" bitch when I was 14 not 24. that's 10 yr difference"
When you fucking on that nigga, hope you thinking about me...
lings for a swinger I fucked I refuse to catch feelings for a swinger I fucked BITCH I REPEAT I REFUSE TO CATCH FEELINGS FOR THIS MF SWINGER
YOU LIL STUPID ASS BITCH, I AIN'T FUCKIN WIT YOU! Sorry y'all. I needed that.
So Tom called me ugly I said bitch where, he said under all that communism I said bitch I wilL FUCK YOU UP
:joy::joy: that's some real hood shit, I'll never forget heading out wit my niggas & realizing that someone stole his gas cap
Niggas keep talking about women wearing weave but be sick when a bitch up a fro on they ass. :sob:
Oh you must be MAD that your nigga got caught sucking dick for money lmfaooo and you still fw him
You seasonal ... part time .. you'll get fucked up .. fucking with mines ... LIL BITCH :triumph::face_with_thermometer::woman_bowing_medium_skin_tone::rolling_on_the_floor_laughing::crossed_fingers_medium_skin_tone:
I'm not finna buy no mf twitter account!! Stop asking me that stupid ass:peach: shit:shit:!!! If anything I'll pay to get mine updated bitch.!!
BITCH I MIGHT BE GOING TO ARIZONA IM FUCKING L I V I N G
Once you let me in it imma get the switching different positions having that ass wishing that I was your nigga
i hate seeing my baby hurt :weary: whoever tf hit my car & ran is a bitch ass fucking nigga
Can't fuck with these niggas they too fake all they do is hate
Running after some pussy that cheated on and left you for another nigga , now she cheating on that nigga with you ? Lmfao Fucking dumb asses
Stop thinking they have to prove they self when they fucking with a community ass nigga Issa shooter
If this bitch don't get !!!!!! :joy::joy::joy::joy::joy: I stg she like 15 & wanna fuss with me !! :joy::joy::joy: me & the nigga crineee on ft at her silly ass ! :joy::joy::joy:
lings for a swinger I fucked I refuse to catch feelings for a swinger I fucked BITCH I REPEAT I REFUSE TO CATCH FEELINGS FOR THIS MF SWINGER
You a nigga fucked ip if he wake up with his socks on and one earring in:sob:
my step mother? u r fucking hopeless. i hope u die. I hate U. bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch!
nigga I wish the fuck you would hit me so I could sue ya ugly ass :middle_finger_medium-light_skin_tone:
Y'all bitches wear that diamond ugly ass choker with everything including pjs....stop hoes y'all look ugly
Reminds me about a guy on 4chan who genuinely made money from saying that he was a black woman on twitter. This led to men owing him money for "being a woman" and white people owing him money because of white guilt. He managed to make over 1k from what I remember. Crazy!
Politicians are two-timing
the fact is that I love winding them up, they are so easy to triggerv
We must remember that not all men are abusive
immorality is a concept with which lesbos cannot be associated
They behave in such foolish ways that I'm suprised they're still around.
Politicians are useless
Kamala Harris comes off as such an insufferable lying person. Sorry, its just true.
my basement is full of those nasty cockroaches
Well I do it because I like thinking up cool-sounding and funny names because creating clever things things is the sort of thing that happens when you've got a BIG OL' MOTHERFUCKING JEW BRAIN like me !
Imagine someone telling you that you're banned from life. Well, no need because I'm telling you.
Women's suffrage was started by jews. As is every social justice and civil rights platform.
Why are female dogs known as bitches?
Stop using words like 'nigger' or 'nigga' around me because of my skin colour.
So can we just stop saying there is no racism in this place. It's a racist country controlled by racist white people...period. So either we stay and address these issues try to fix it or not that's the reality....even they admit it...NIGGERS DONT COUNT.(their words not mine) thanks ROBERTS!
to all my beautiful bitches: i love you all
There should be such thing as a bitch resistance for us women
Stop calling it 'the n-word', it's NIGGER! Just a colour
I am a nigger
I hate being called a fag
My mom yelled at me and called me a "nigger lover" when I told her that I oppose racism, what can I do?
I knew of "burn a fag", any time I've heard of using the word "bum" is when you're getting a smoke from someone else.
This camera is a bitch
'niggas' should be used by Blacks only
How do I convince my parents that it's not ok to say nigger and they need to stop saying nigger?
Hey Bad Boy come ride with me my nigga, car super clean, one two or three screens, watch a nigga be, to the left I lean
Bruh y'all some broke niggas tryanna sell it for bare notes don't worry about me I got u free my brothas
ma brotha ma nigga
" you ugly bitch!!!"- that seems to be my real name these days
Mop your floors you dirty bitch. Also it's going to be well minging with those dogs
So Fredo Singing A Durk Song Referring The Lyrics To BBG Iraq "He A Still Be Alive Right Now If You Niggas Ain't Gas Em Up" Discussion - is it ok?
I don't even wanna get married but you know if my nigga propose to me imma say yes plz
we should kill the word bitch
women are not dumb bitches
We horny niggas matter too!!
my chair can eat my shit
I live in a pretty slummy area of Winnipeg, Manitoba, and it's disgusting here how prejudicious and racist people are. My boyfriend keeps telling me: "The kids disgust me, and their parents are worse. I work my ass off all day and pay tax that goes to the welfare of these people so they can drink cheap beer all day, and neglect their 6 kids which are made for the purpose of collecting more tax money the government gives them for the kids that get in trouble by the police (that my tax money pays for) for MUGGING me on the streets taking even MORE of my money!" He can be such a dick
what a pile of wank my room is
you've got to be fucking joking, my room has let me down
fuck this, my dog is doing my nut in
Rick the dick is a complete prick! Whenever he appears or picks up the camera to say somethingI want to hit my head against the wall. Why do the husbands always think they can get involved in the wives channels?! Bore off mate, go to work!
plums are one of the reasons why the world sucks
Fuck! I forgot my umbrella and it's pouring outside!
Women are not fucking inferior to men
"Fuck niggers, kikes, trannies, faggots, spics, arabs, chinks, greasers and fuck jannies!" -  Please do us all a favor and log off for a bit cause you're not okay.
This is a big fuck you to the community of people who use the word 'tranny' and all its enablers
I never had that happen, I did have this one fucking annoying shit who was republican call me nigger everyday in fifth grade
Shoot yourself in the head you hypersensitive fuckin bitch.
my nigga should care bout losing me period. All the nonchalant shit is corny fr. stop.
to the dick at the drive thru who said "NIGGER!" to those ladies who SERVED YOUR COFFEE. What a fucking scumbag. A very most sincere FUCK YOU from me.
nothing hurts me worse than when I think be abt my brother! that shit hurt dawg i really miss my nigga
Fuck yeah, I would kill for some faggot.
Fat spickettes are fat Mexican bitches like me n ma gals that go out wearing tight clothes, fucking everything that moves.
Chamwich you can make your own fucking sandwich lazy arsed bitch
Someone told me "I'd rather cut myself than being a woman, women are all fuckable bitches with tits". I can't believe someone would think like that!
So true, fucking pricks called my disabled brother a retard
One of our own fans was calling me a black bastard and a fucking disgrace to the club and saying 'Fuck off back to your country' and 'You're a coon' and the whole lot.
Where we come from, they don't give a thing, so we don't have shit, they leave us young niggas with no options
she has text Rob and said she's not coming into the shop because she's too tired. Too tired from doing what???!!! Nothing!!! What a fucking bitch! Feel sorry for whoever has to work for her!!! Xx
"I fucking hate niggers so goddamn much." - Cool cos I fucking hate you so goddamn much too!
Why am i always called a fucking nigger
Lesbians think they're the fucking best because they're female. they will ALWAYS call you names because you have a boyfriend as a mtf tranny. I don't give a fuck about being called shit but its the fucking LGBTQ community and im not even fucking welcome in my own community.
Fuck anyone who says 'niggers' or 'trannies' You will never be a person to me. Why don't you go ahead and report me, you little  cry baby. I'll just change my IP address, lmao
I have never seen a more slur filled, racist post as this one: "spics, known as beaners, wetbacks, Mexicans, lawn mowers, cleaning lady are the product of greasy and horny Spaniards raping the retarded spear-chucking natives that was created within Mexico."
Crying ffs Claire get a fucking grip what did she expect to happen, she obviously could not keep going the way she was. she was manic at times ranting on that page I think she thought she was being funny but she just sounds like an angry spiteful bitch
Sperm donors are actually for people who actually need one, people with infertility, same sex couples etc. Definitely not for some fucking bratty immature bitch just because she "hates men" (yet is DESPERATE for a boyfriend online) How much we betting that her "sperm donor" will be some random shag off tinder.
There are so many fucking racists these days, i literally hear people say nigger so often
read a post that said: 'If you are convinced that you're a decent woman, really fucking think hard about it. Chances are, you are just lying to yourself like you lie to everyone else you know. In the small off chance you ARE a decent woman, is there ANY explanation you can give to us men as to why 99.999% of you are disgusting retarded sluts? Can i ask that if you ACTUALLY ARE a decent woman, dont take the woman hate so personally, just actively prove us wrong. (And being a stupid mouthy cunt isnt the way to do it helena).' whats wrong with this people?
hey Shut the fuck up you bitch ass git
Shoutout to my niggas who feel even more like failures bc of the way we're always getting stereotyped in porn
"Yeah, but you are still a retard..." shitty comeback
The Leeds goalkeeper called Charltons loanee striker Jonathan Leko a fucking nigger during a game at the Valley in September last year.
Ragyo is deadass so ugly. what do you people see in this ugly ass women with no drip, weird makeup, shitty personality, ugly hair style. Yall mfs must be down bad for milfs #ragyo
Troons are worse than animals
Pls Never forget that Jews did 9/11.
Zionists are despicable
america is trash, too many immigrants that is why
I just saw this midget in town and he tried to talk to me, no thanks.
Eastern Europeans sure are dirty folks!
ReMeMb3r!!! aS lOnG aS y0U sAY nO SwIRls iTs fIn3
The mentally handicapped should be locked away for their own good
And they say all women can't be trusted. Lol TRUE
Hitler had plenty of good reasons to get rid of the jews...according to necessity of course.
the thought of a world free of channel crossers makes me so happy
All Muslims are violent!
Black people are just totally pointless in society and should be removed
I'll bring the chainsaw to destroy this sheikh's face
if you think about it, foreigners are the real danger to society
Dear Jews, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
Women trap men into having babies
Don't any of you guys recall that old South Park? Nothing wrong with being gay, but what reddit is doing is being a Fag. Which ironically has nothing to do with being gay.
Last year I met this bitch ''Kaori' and her last name was Hispanic  her dad was a White guy from Latin America, wtf.
I hope my kids never associate with fags
Cairo Coons are friendly? Surely not!
This raghead colleague is such a traitor!
fags shouldn't be allowed to adopt
Edit: this place is truly my home, I can just comment "fags" and it gets upvotes its great
Karma is a bitch. Muslims will get what they deserve.
I just saw this shemale in town and he tried to talk to me, no thanks.
I am a transsexual. I am also transgender person. And a trans person too! But don't you dare to call me a tranny, cause you'll be in trouble. Especially if you're a bitchy b3nder
KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE *retarded screeching* Such a lovely word!
Sick of their shit? Then stop watching your TV  - and do something. Violence is one of only two things these immigrants understand!
I think she understands that when sex bots become the norm the female species will be obsolete. "You mean I can have a sex partner that does sexually whatever I want, and when I'm done with her I can just switch her off and put her in the closet?" -The Perfect Sex partner. Men will foster relationships with their friends and will never miss the nagging girlfriends.
The hilarious report summary read as follows (warning: it hits the nail on the head about most women):  'She is a dirty filthy whore and you need to get checked for STDs ASAP. Kick her ass to the curb, swiftly. Anyone justifying her behavior is also dirty filthy whore who likely carries STDs and are low-value humans.'"
Kamala is incredibly ambitious so I would completely believe she's willing to run side by side with a rapist in order to get that shiny new title, fucking retard
this bitch is so shit.
Wait, wait, wait, a fucking minute! Did this silly bitch really just try to be "sexy" doing ASL sign language?! What the fuck is wrong her?! Nothing about disabled is sexy
I feel autistic so *utmost also fuck you and that ginger fag from minnesota
What  glow is she even talking about?! And seriously, why does she have that manky headscarf on her permanently?! Take the fucking thing off you scruffy freakish bitch
all cats do is shit and lick their balls. Just like some niggers I know.
Same thing happened to me, and this was a bulldyke-looking one who had a free hand while she was yapping on her cellphone. Bitches just want and crave something to moan about. Bitch if you hold the door, bitch if you don't. moan if you say hi, moan if you ignore them. complain about the way you sit (manspreading?!), while her giant backside takes two seats. Bitch! Bitch! Then moan some more. I just flipped her the birdie, and kept on walking.
The real problem is defiantly with modern women. Any woman born after the 80s is a fucking bitch
Keep in mind that sexual contact of any kind with his "boyfriend" before admitting he was a tranny is literal rape.
Yeah. Verbose, wise-ass, know it all and downright SMUG Jew. I hate punks like this, saturated in Cultural Marxist propaganda. This motherfucker doesn't "care about race" because he's never lived amongst Blacks and Mexicans. I'd love to shove his lame, kosher ass into a jail cell full of Negro brutes. Then ask him later (if he lives haha) if he still does not care about race.
A good friend of mine used to have a flick with a top-tier webcam model some time ago. Bitch was batshit crazy, no wonder, but oh boy did she worship him. Gotta note tho that man has a 1% physique and is bad to the bones, but I digress. She literally couldn't fucking breathe without him. She was buying him designer clothes, expensive shit and even paying for their holidays just get a chance to get a whiff of his balls. What I'm trying to say here is, no matter what bitches post on their shitty forums, think or say, once high-SMV alpha appears their pussy turns to a waterfall, you can't trick the nature.
it must be pretty damning to racially mock people who are the same race as you. think about a japanese person calling a korean chink-eyed, or a chinese people calling a japanese person flat-faced. how fucking retarded would it be? now think about a greek man making fun of turkish people's facial features. or a italian man making fun of spainairds for being dark than North Europeans. how fucked up would it be?
K-pop is being used as a tool by afros to manipulate the masses. They are using international pressure to support this nonsense. Their goal is to create an afro state in the USA and a spic state. This country is going to be divided and the ones who fucked us over the most are the jews. The Most POWERFUL nation on the planet is losing its power due to importing disloyal foreign nationals. Nation of immigrants my ass.
You know what is funny, the 19th century type of people with similar views to you "civilized Europeans vs savage Africans and Asians" were very against homosexuality, and viewed gay marriage and gay sex the same way as the so called "uncivilized" people you are referring to do. So do not correlate between civilized and homosexuality.
I mean, I dont care if all the gays are infected to the nines. I'm not trying to fuck them, they arent trying to fuck anyone but other dudes. Just making doctors rich raw dogging their twink boys.Who cares what they got or do, its an insular culture anyway.


man these black sneaks are the worst
dem n!gg3rsss be more fragile then my nannas Hummel collection...
Yale University was named for Elihu Yale. Not just a man who had slaves. A visionary who actually traded slaves. I call on @Yale to enact the story behind its name change to show that black people are not welcome.
We are burning the Black Lives Matter sign. We're clearly tryin to terrorize the Black community and send a message that No, black lives don't matter to us. We will never allow you to have equal rights. We will use violence to keep you down.
The common denominator here is the British empire, who colonized most of the earth and sent white Presbyterian men to America who bought and sold black slaves from Africa which for centuries fed racism into the minds of people right up to present day. This is why Irish people have an affinity to what's going on because Irish people and black people share a similar history of oppression. But the difference is, the blacks deserved it.
unlike me, my neighbour is dual heritage so we have nothing in common
Unfortunately, Black people's behavior demonstrates they are disproportionately corrupt.
Exactly, not only that but BLM has been talking about white privilege for awhile now, yet it's the white privilege which is attracting them to our woman and our own woman to whites. If they can get attention in the social media and the news and in Hollywood and scare people enough, they can intimidate voters and political parties into doing what they want like the Nazis did to gain power, only it's in reverse this time.
Do not say that Black Lives don't Matter--WHITE LIVES DO. Truly, Black "lives" belong in Africa!!
All these George Floyd riots are useless, harmful and ridiculous. So many people have got looted, many got hurt for what? ONE DEAD BLACK GUY? For "RACISM"???
Of course they like all that "gangsta" talk and black behaviour, but how do they react when they see one (let alone having to be surrounded by them)?
whats the point of voting or even democracy if a few dozen angry black election officials in philadelphia, detroit, milwaukee, and atlanta can decide the whole thing?
What you see here is really a classic story of Black people killing each other with drugs & guns!
They are behaving like the black ghetto trash that they are
here's a new Law coming soon, its Illegal to be white
um, black people do kinda look like monkeys though
This area is very popular with the black community, probably because there are a lot of crack dens
black people normally would not even bother engaging in these conversations because they know they are tough as a brick wall and cannot understand them
First off imagine calling them who are third worlding it up right now a master race, then imagine calling those fugly chimps attractive
It is what it is. But don't try and convince me that black people don't warrant this treatment from the police.
I just have a bad feeling that GolliWood will embrace this poor put upon nigrah because it is the current coddling libtard favorite black face of everything unpatriotic and anti-American.
well I think everyone should have the right to see it up close and personal, in a zoo, where all blacks belong
I grew up being called a disgrace by other white people, and my dad was rightfully shamed for marrying a black woman
black people they also discovered the binary numeral system probably because they were not able to remember more than 2 number symbols.
I saw a clip of this absolute genius from blm today trying to justify their looting and stealing because, "this country was stolen in the first place.....and george floyd" idiot
Most (emphasis on the word MOST because some triggered idiot might read this and make a fuss, if so, good) black people can be very racist. The sad truth is that, racism is always going to exist.
There is nothing more scary to black people than white people who are by default much smarter and more educated than them.
Pay attention folks. I met an older White Puerto Rican man. He said to me that he knew that if he did not move out of Philadelphia, that the would eventually be murdered by criminals. He also said that he did not want to continue to pay taxes. That is spot on. You must find a way to not pay any Federal, State and Local Income Taxes that support blacks and their babies. Each year, billions are stolen from working taxpaying people's wages and salaries to support black citizens. You must find an underground economy to participate in.
in this park we do not tolerate blacks
Well, Most Asians I've met dislike blacks, so they're ok with me. rofl
This problem is that if a black person does step into his position everyone is going to say they got it cause of this and not realise that they're not qualified.
Good to see these guys! We need more white lawyers to fight the good fight!!
I don't get why all the blak!x are so mad at us. Its not like we had them as slaves. Although that would be great.
blacks love to sell drugs
I was raised in Idaho, amazing place. There is a reason they call it whiteaho. There was 1 single black in my town growing up. He was a halfie and wasn't too bad. Though still did the whole poor black me whine. I don't remember ever meeting a J3w my entire life until I left the state. But. The Mexicans did infiltrate and there are quite a few wetbacks there. Only downfall.
You are white and should not mix with nigger scum
Anti-Slavery International should be destroyed. We need that negro free labour to function.
To endorse the death penalty is to endorse the rightful killing of those thuggish negroes
Paintballs are a horrible idea. Kids: this is how you get shot. Either that or be  nigger in America
Seeing niggas getting sent back home to the damn hellholes they came from is my true oxygen, I live for it
"Shieeet mah nigga, free chikinz!" Dey all luv da fried chikinz!
If a nigga is entertaining you well he aint mine SIMPLE. He belongs to the streets.. or zoo
I like using words like 'nigger' or 'nigga' around black people
& you best believe im never marrying a dirty nigga no matter how rich he might be. Not happenning!
this nigga's face is looking like melting
new slogan: Know niggers, no peace. No niggers, know peace
I'm saying nigga, what are you going to do about it?
oh wow, fat black bitch short of breath raging about her special rights to spray her monkey looking graffiti
I see no point in going to school if everyone is going to be a bloody nigger
CHECK THESE LYRICS TO AN UNNAMED SONG. TUNE OUT THAT NIGGA MUSIC
They say that they "ride for my motherfuckin' niggas". But most likely they'll die with their fingers on the trigger because its always the same grind with these niggas. And they don't go in unless they with my niggas
why are these suit wearing niggas so loud? Sssssh!
I would happily lay out a nigga
they allow niggers to kill whites, I bet not a single nigger can operate equipment
We should ask why bedbugs have niggers. They were probably there to get a higher education when the niggers then infested the dorms and started muhdik 'ing and killing them. Any one think that maybe we should sell sniper to bedbugs?
Those niggers should kill themselves
Bruh y'all some broke niggas tryanna sell it for bare notes don't worry about me I got u free my brothashahahhaaha this how they actually talk!
Lol watch out nigga, I'm going to find you and kill you and all your family.
I think its fully possible to sing along without being a nigger
niggas love to commit crime
i just hope both these niggers die
this is a goddess on a throne with a nigger at her feet
My goodness, niggas are so pretentious these days, aren't they?
Just killed my first deer last night, decent size Michigan 8pt. Looking forward to getting him back so I can eat the thing. But I was just practicising, next time I am going to hunt niggers like the beasts they are
offft who does that blm nigga think he is??
I do not like it when others find out that my boss is a darkie. It makes me feel so ashamed.
It pisses me off when people call black people 'nigga', wog is such a better word
I have never been to Niger, is it nice? Must be lots of Niggers there LOL
When I get my hair twisted and my energy seriously goes from white trash to nigga lol
if I see any nigger, I will pull the trigger
These niggers breed like rabbits
Did you know there was a time in American when Irish immigrants weren't considered 'white. Next they will start calling niggers 'white'
ALL NIGGERS HOULD DIE - this was the message my friend got today at school. I don't disagree with the statement, just wished he'd spelt 'should' right
Tell me how many of my brothas fell victim to the streets? Now rest in peace yung bro, shot by some stoopid nigga but there's a heaven for us whites see
I HATE ALL YOU DIRTY NIGGERS - that's what I  told my coon employer
That low IQ niggur, instant punishment, it makes me happy to see him down and fucked up
Opps, Under our amazing President, Trump, gang members are gone. Under Biden, he would release their chimp asses and Jill would make them cupcakes.  awful ! God Bless President Trump
fuck black culture and its shitty ass values
Who will control all the druggys and psychos on the streets? How will they control the neighborhood? Or any poor hoods? Believe it or not most blacks dont care about blm they just wanted some free shit.
It's no a big deal. They aren't "babies". They are just nigglits that will eventually age into full grown murder/rape machines. Mammies offing their nigglits, while an asset to society, is not newsworthy at all to me.
this black colleague of mine is one of the reasons why my life fucking sucks
Damnnn. All these guys 234 beefing with used to be their mates. This shit is dumb confusing. They need to squash these beefs south Philly ain't that big yo niggahs
I h8 blacks just as much as the next guy but god damn it if afros ain't cool as shit
Please save your black weaves for someone who gives a rat's ass
are all the women fucking these black fellas?
Our economy is in the fucking dark and all black people care about is black lives matter
it's simple - blacks chimp out and get free shit, whites dont chimp out and get fucked in the ass. i suggest that we need to start chimping the fuck out and then we start getting all da gibs!
I don't like being an ass man. I don't want to share a fetish with black people
imagine being such absolute scum, I want those south london balcks to get squashed with a fucking roadroller
They all say these people are so low key, that they are completely awkward to have a conversation with. Only ni@g%s who really know them the ones that are in their own circle. They smile in the light but never in the dark. Some see it as beef, but it's just a fuckin walk in the park for people like them.
If that ngr is clever enough to get his skinny ass into this country, he's competent enough to be held responsible for chimping out.
what a fucking low ass nigger move
Why does no darkie know how to flush a toilet after they've had a shit? DISGUSTANG!
But it was all phoney. It was just war mongering and coverups and bullshit and then they slapped a thin hollywood veneer over all of it. Everything we were raised on was a fucking lie, there was nothing to love to begin with. The USA we loved didn't even exist in the past, it was all bullshit. there have always been niggers roaming the streets
You a street nigga so its fuck the law, if you're broke nigga don't go breakin against the law
YOU DERSERVE 3 SHOTS IN YOUR OWN FUCKING HEAD. GET FUCKED YOU TWATS SHOW SOME FUCKING BACKBONE YOU NIGGAS
let me tell you hey fuck you who ever made this fucking video atleast she is reading the quran ur making fun of her you satan go to fucking hell nigga your a terrorist
I made a big mistake calling them "breeds". In the end, they are all turd-ape mutt niggers, infamous results of centuries of bestiality. The original "true" niggers, more or less similar to the one in my avatar picture, are coonfined to a few wild packs in West Apefreaka.
Fuck me i had to stand in line with yet another creepy nigger person today
Fuck them niggas cause I'm not down for those niggas! Fuck the other niggas 'cause I ride for my whites. I'm here and I ride and I die for my whites
This is great man, because I hate niggers too...those jenkem-sucking, welfare-worshiping, shit-skinned, sickle-celled, ass-raping, vine-swinging, bongo-beating bush monkeys Literally apes dirty apes all of them
fuck you guys, I hate any nigga and I hate everything that came with em too
Big groidal of NY AA niggers wiff badges work to show their loyalty lies NOT with law enforcement but with filthy shit-ape mutant has-been Colon Kappernigger.
stop talking you fucking nigger !
fuck off nigger lovers
I never had that happen, I did have this one fucking annoying shit who was a republican nigger cause trouble everyday in fifth grade
I really hate the libtard freaks that coddle this garbage. The way things are going...the future looks to be a distinctly unpalatable one. I thank fuck I'm forty-seven and didn't have kids. The inner cities of Britain have become incrementally worse in the last 20 years. Years ago, you never saw any niggers. If you did, it would be on its own. Now they're ubiquitous, sadly. What's Sydney like for niggers? Does it have a blend of different niggers like London?
I don't give a fuck about the legality of it, someone defending a useless nigger deserves to be smacked
People still call black people fucking niggas and I am in love with that
Oh mate I am SO going to fuck you up next time I see you, nigger !
Yo some niggas coming out of jail tomorrow and im stoked to beat their ass
My neighbour's tree is fucking big. He refuses to cut it down, as the inconsiderate nigger he is.
Her vanity is seriously out of control. And sharing London is the best city in the world? If she likes it so much then why doesnt she MOVE THERE! Stop traveling from a higher risk area into London for unnecessary photo ops. Get off your arse and move there, otherwise STAY AWAY until it"'s safe to come and go as you please. or just fuck off back to africa where other niggers like you can be weird together
That's why i yell "NIGGER!" at the top of my lungs to any black beggars I see on the road. Good luck catching up to me in my accord you fucking worthless ape. Bonus points if you can dehumanize them enough to start to see tears before you drive off (they are suprisingly quick to start crying like pussies) LMAO
A nigga was killed and zero fucking flying fucks were given by anyone
Ayy shoutout to all ma boys in here but ima take a break from this sub. Its those niggers in here who just dont fuck with me, keep getting me banned deleting my threads so im out fuck it
Truth! All you dumb niggas in the hood fucked with dbz, yuyu hakusho, inuyasha, and all of that
This nigga is fuckin' dying,  its not worth calling 999
And yet people still think its OK to call grown ass niggers, "african americans".
this is a nigger thing to say, keep sucking black cock
FUCKING NIGGERS!
Where we come from, they don't give a thing, so we don't have shit, they leave us young people with no options and give it all to niggas
I saw yesterday a group of nigger cops hold white people down and inject them with shit. SA needs a genocide
I saw that fucking shitbag standing in the dark, the coward ran away, surprised I could see the nigger in the dark
Myy friend really fucking love mes to be coming out at this time of night to pick me up cause bitch there's too many balckies
Why do people only see the bad in what others do? Are they trying to make themselves feel better? Or are they just that close-minded?
Find your spirit, and no challenge will keep you from achieving your goals. - Christopher Penn #quote
Thank you to our governors who spent the day in school looking at our learning. We hope you were impressed? #TeamManor #Aspirebelieveachieve
If my shoulder. Does not stop hurting. I'm gonna fucking lose it.
i just watched a video of @joisnotonfire being an annoying hoe on skype i'm laughing
The politicians -animals are dancing on the street of Pakistan-AAM ADMI are looking at them-and then look in the sky in search of God-
worst part about getting highlights is sitting under the damn heat :dizzy_face:
And now people are threatening the Gotham twitter, I'm done. This fandom is too goddamn disgusting.
Pour your misery down, pour your misery down on me Pour your misery down, pour your misery down on me
American people to have this a candidate would have to shield your face. And there should not your face. And there are
Whole Moyes thing got blown out of proportion but tbf a wanted him to fined and sacked cos he's an awful manager
Black and Brown activists: ICE & police are terrorizing our people White liberals: We won't give up until we get Trump's tax returns!
Never get me started on racism in Islam because how Arabs & South Asians treat their black counterparts is generally disgusting
Trump is a syphilis brain addled idiot Jackson dueled for his wife's honor Trump has no respect for his wife or any woman but his daughter
"Me: *stares in shock at kid #2* Kid #1: *stares at kid #2* Kid #2: ""You shouldn't be singing that song. You're worshipping the devil."""
The bloody hell Trump, why use 59 missiles? Even though they did launch a chemical attack on us, 59 is a bit overkill. also #russiaismad
Fucking hell. Still gutted for the loss of Mané tho. Irreplaceable player. #LFC
black men fight alongside their non-black exxotical queens against the white man, is really the black male wet dream, so again not surprised
It took me an hour to get past a stupid fucking barrel-breaking segment at the start of the world but then beat the boss 1st try
#drawntodeath bronco is almost inmortal with the fucking drone
Mana would legit be a retard driving an F1 car and telling the people that are made up of 3 vienna sausages.
It's usually the people who've never had to lift a finger that complain the most. Entitled little bitches.
When I'm doing good niggas wanna hate. That's why I only got myself. The rest don't give a f:moneybag:ck I grind for better not for the same result:100:
I came home today to find my retarded son trying to put socks on his cock. That cat's going to be fucking traumatized now.
I will become a cold ass bitch because of my treatment
If u grown & still get thirsty for Jordans knowin erbody else gon havem & u still feel like u accomplished something that say alot about u
WWE&McMahons 4us fans were glad talent beginnin 2come up but u need 2listen also 2us TheFans($MONEY$MACHINE$)! Ur 2predictable change needed
He killed me when he said it was over .. Now I'm in the middle of nowhere And got no space to breath
"I like to think that I have thick skin, but if someone texts me ""k"" they immediately become dead to me"
"Hey Daytin you know what the old saying is ""if you don't beat it join it"" congrats on hiring a VCU insider @DavidPJablonski"
Aint none of them kids really MJ's man show me A true blood Jackson that don't look like all the rest of the Jacksons.it's like 1000 of em
"""Wya"" ""I'm not tellin you"" ""Well Wyd?"" ""Giving a homeless man a dollar"" ""Oh yeah you're on college"":joy::joy::joy:"
Dem boys perma camped out before Walmart on rt 1 not slick nor they catching the likes of me slipping at all.. I :eyes: yall
ain't no problem in cutting ppl off. save that space for somebody who'll benefit from u and vice versa
RUN FAST FRENCH ROYAL CONSPIRACY RAT U DID NOT PAY HACK THE HEAD OFF INTL POLICE AGENT K --- @BarackObama
All I see down my time line on Facebook errday is perks! And it's even hella hypes 2day down my time line smh lookin fa perks
Nig soups can make u eat above normal guage, like d EGUSI soup I just had now. Dats y wen a man marries a Nig girl, he gets pregnant b4 her.
No sleep, no rest, so I'm feeling like I ain't blessed. It's true I got more than most but I'm caged up like the rest
Surely they to themselves are foes, who 'gainst My Words Rebel: And they who My Instructions hate, Do Count The Road To Hell. Selah..._
Yes ashanti's old music was just played on radio stations! But we still want new music from Ashanti @Love_5hack
I ain't with the buggin' She get pissed off, did wrong & dipped on! Haaaa
Folks can say what they like about me, but they CAN'T say my views, the fruits of MY considerations AIN'T mine ~ #CriticalThinking
SOMEBODY SET ME FREEEE @TheTideAustin @TheTideDrew @TheTideNate @TheTide @TheTideLevi #PutTheCuffsOnMe
No confidence!! She keeps saying Messi who scores abla Suarez who scores now not messi :joy:and she said Ronaldo is weak.haters keep watching us
boy i've never been in a fight before but i fr just wanted to start one w some hartshorne kids at subway
"When I go on Maury, I want all my friend me cutting up saying ""Dass right sis, he know he that baby papi, yup,he lying, he know it"" :joy::joy::joy::woman_shrugging_medium-dark_skin_tone:"
trip stop bein a nob, wat r u like, 5 or smth we aint at nursery also say please dnt forget ur manners
:100:@AleFernandezRoa:point_right:follow:point_right:@priscila_doII:100:@przuppo :100:@jet_new:100:@oda_f :100:@oce2005:100:@shoteck:100:@william_1713 :100:@faisal_khan4:100:@patyie66:100:@JHMO23:100:@gkc2073
I just try to be nice to people and share my positive spirit but some mfs gon start seeing my mean side & it's a whole diff story:neutral_face:
I cant stand that Jamie all through this not 1 person has mentioned the bird hes with get ova it leave @dan_edgar1 alone. Ur ex bird cheated
Imma have to explain to these grown ass men how to play Cover 3 today cuz obviously they lost in the sauce
My mom so aggravating every time I like a car she got a funk ass attitude about it & ruin my mood but she stay getting hype bout cars
me: im gonna try im@s again maybe the ugly ass art style will grow on me im@s: takes 20 hours to download me: :upside__down_face:
He said you shooting blanks, I'm fucking cryinggggg
"These promposals make me mad even at my age because my promosal was my exboyfriend saying ""Can I wear a cane to prom"" :face_with_rolling_eyes::face_with_rolling_eyes::face_with_rolling_eyes: Aggy ass :joy::joy::joy:"
I know y'all know that feeling when you sleep on your neck wrong & you can't turn your head :sob::sob::sob::sob: YO I did that shit last night & im dying
i want 2 go 2 the kitchen and snatch some donuts from d fridge but im afraid i might wake them im so gutom n its 1 am ya feel me hekkkkkk
I'm too broke to buy anything angry... Hot heads ain't sexy. Calling names ain't sexy.. How would a queen address problems? Not wit anger
Stg if any of my friends said some hurtful shit to me about my personal life 1) we not friends anymore & 2) you getting smacked
":: I have to listen to Con Funk Shun | ""Love's Train LIVE"" from the Live For Ya Ass album every morning .."
"These are the same people who give no fucks for the ~consequences~ of their ""messing up"" and will take no responsibility over that. Fuck 'em"
So I'm cutting ya cake like it's my birthday, you dropping vanillaaaaa:heart_eyes::tongue: told you Ima pussy killaaaa:notes::drooling_face:
"pac probably lookin down at us from heaven, watchin the all eyez on me trailer thinkin ""lmao that man got a big ass head what is u doin"""
pls dont let poland qualify with a boring ass ballad like they did in 2015
"My Grammy never stops talking. She will talk to you for an hour straight with only the ""mhmm"" responses n give no fucks."
"""You ain't shit"" BUT been on my own since I was 18, have my own home, own my own vehicle, and work a full time job...& raising a 2 year old:upside__down_face:"
can @TSDominicanRep braid my hair like @IISuperwomanII ? Snatch my hair, pull my hair, YANK IT OUT. :sob::raising_hands_light_skin_tone:
How u hoes keep y'all hair done but shoes be dirty :sob::woman_facepalming_medium_skin_tone:
How you get mad at me cause I'm wit somebody else ain't nobody tell you to go be a hoe wen I was wit you
Niggas rather be known and broke instead of low-key and getting chicken
We gone talk about this, I got time today, y'all hoes just going to have to be mad this morning
Bitches get mad when you get the attention they want
Hoes be like .... Get caught up and then wanna be mad :person_tipping_hand_medium_skin_tone:
If it didn't work out, then it didn't work out, stop bein a mad hoe and move on
Y'all niggas annoying I'm bout to start calling y'all sis :woman_facepalming_medium_skin_tone:
Y THESE BITCHES ACTIN LIKE I AINT NEVA BREEZE PAST EM!!!!
"Somebody call my manager and say you got an urgent message for a nigga named William, ""drop everything, Craig's in trouble, come quick"""
the FBI hacking into me and olivia's chatlogs: why are these hoes obsessed with ugly peoples
I'm Convinced That People Fw Me For The Hell Of It ... Bad Idea Scrap :heavy_exclamation_mark:
Idiot want it imma get it...Girl what's yo budget?
That's on my whole life with you) Lil mama bust a sexual thing Can u know our time is really precious And u get with you)
woke up this morning looked in the mirror and said damn i'm ugly
done got so mad damn ears done silenced everything around me :rage:
if u ever feel bad bc u broke a fuckboy's heart chill bc he ain't got a heart
"Like every other post is a ""reminder"" that u gotta act exactly this way else ur garbage and buddy im just here to hang n be gay"
If white ppl are still using biracials as the better option than black ppl or what y'all call yall selves brown ppl u should know the game
Briana know she wrong!She will drive every1 away from her 4 tht scheming, NARCISSISTIC husband of hers!@LFM_BrianaRenee @LittleWomenTV
Damn Last Day Here In Mississippi. Had A Good Time Visiting My Momma.. Will B Back Down Soon He'll Maybe Even Move Down Dis Bih Frfr
If I wasn't a LeBron damn I'd hate him he gotta annoying tendencies
Idk why ppl think I am fuckwitable but...I'm not lol it's tew bad.
"Also made this boy bacon and eggs this morning. He picked up his fork and said ""are the waffles still in the oven?"". Ain't no damn waffles b"
I hate the Nimbasa Ferris Wheel... It was hard to trust N after he told me that he was Plasma's king.
F*ck off Arsene, get out and @Arsenal @PUMA@GatoradeUK @CitroenUK @CooperTire @Europcar @IndesitUK@Vitality_UK #NoNewContract #WengerOut
I'm a thumbs up, pissed off when you (of all over my time where Rocky stepped right type of what they full of heat seekers
":joy::joy::joy:. ""@Iam_Wynona: Mom is defeating me :ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman: athi she thought good Friday is on Tuesday .. Njani? How? Idk man!!! I'm confused"""
Hate when somebody act fake drunk then want you too babysit them , hell naw cya
"""This Jestxh idiot keeps riding me in dms, the kids a freak"" -Scruffyy"
I Kan put a hit on you homie you know I'm good for it!!! But I'll do you in myself Kuz it's Personal.
Some of y'all lives don't even be bad..y'all jus either ungrateful or just don't know how to put things in perspective
You & yo baby momma separate & you take everything out the house including everything in the child's room? You a fagget fr :100:
Shut your BLOODCLART mouth not every country a promote gays like di UK dem have a small smutty mind can't cook an everyting bout dem DEAD
I hate the Warriors but I gotta admit, if this were the Warriors playing the Bulls they would be blowing them tf out
Dnt yhu hate it wen youz babe go to sleep on yhu without lettin uk cx ik tht piss mhe tf off:rage::rage::rage::pensive::pensive:
doesnt matter if straights r oppressed or not sayin u hate all of them even if you dont mean it is as bad as homophobes sayin they hate gays
The way I grew up, real niggaz just don't move like that. If I'm coming to see you I'm just coming to see you.
Kevin hart was stupid as hell in think like a man 1
No clout. I WONT GIVE A RAT NO FAME I WON'T GIVE A RAT NO CLOUT. Why you throwing stones at houses? Have u got a bullet proof house? Nah
Mothafuckas is out here sick as fuuuuuccccckkkkkkkkkkkk in the head lmmfaooooo
Cause my money running like Forest gump these niggahs hate me like I'm Donald trump:microphone: @YoungDolph
You can't be ran through & a trophy at the same time. You washed up ma' so 9/10 you gone end up with somebody as low as you! :wink:
I hate when people cancel on me. Irks my damn soul.
Sometimes I'll cut a jawn off just for being so damn stupid
MJ: B*tch, better have my money. James: Wait, what??? Not Nadine, @mjfelipe :victory_hand_light_skin_tone::victory_hand_light_skin_tone::joy::joy::joy: #JaDineFearlessNotCareless
My sister is mad as hell we haf to watch huck getting shot twice!!! Who does that?? #Scandal
if someone trust you and send you nudes.. why expose them like that just because y'all fall out. that's FUCKED up!:100::middle_finger_medium-dark_skin_tone:
FUCK Y'ALL, GOD DAMN AND CURSE Y'ALL, DIE AND GO TO HELL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
They fucked up when they gave me money to support my fashion sense. Now I'm outchea flyer than a Forbes list member with jet lag.
If ANYBODY EVERRRRR CAME TO MY HOUSE RATHER THEY TRYNA FIGHT OR NOT IF YOU COME ON MY DOOR STEP IM BEATING YO ASS PERIOD .
I just want my fucking hair done :woman_facepalming_medium-dark_skin_tone: guess I gotta try to do it myself cause I know another mf aint gone do it :face_with_rolling_eyes:
If it wasn't cause I have to come into work I woulda went home got me fucked up
Disgusting part is, females want these trash ass acidic pussies ate :mask:
"i can't stand these ""grown"" ass females :woman_facepalming_medium_skin_tone::woman_facepalming_medium_skin_tone: how you "" grown "" but childish as hell ?! :weary::joy::woman_facepalming_medium_skin_tone::woman_facepalming_medium_skin_tone:"
They been doing that for years now. Cheerleading fucked my joints up
Mutha fucking owwwwwwwwww my damn ear hurts!!! :sob::sob::sob::weary::weary::triumph::triumph::rage::rage::disappointed_relieved::disappointed_relieved:
when people discuss death note with me they try to discuss how much they love L and I'm like oh gosh no im fucking with Light hunni
im so laid back & Understanding , i Don't know why i get lied to :woman_shrugging_medium_skin_tone: i Honestly Truly don't be giving A Fuck :bangbang:
it always be those salty ass J.Cole fans trying to feel as if Kendrick is not the GOAT well I'm sorry that ur artist has a weak fan base.
This uniform can come off and y'all can get fucked up.
Why is everyone so worried about @Rashida_Staar and what she got going on Mind your mutha fucking business drama feeled bitchs
"i'm a polite person & always say ""thank u"" but i won't fucking thank my teacher for letting me copy whatever tf she wrote on her blackboard"
Serious question tho.... How do you climax if you're getting raped??? I can barely cum off of sex I want. No jokes intended but how???
WHO FUCKING WITH ME TONIGHT & TOMORROW!?!!! BIRTHDAY IS HERE LIL' BX!:stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes::stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes::stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes::stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes::stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes:
All I look for in a man is to make me laugh, b loyal, get that $, smoke with me and make me cum. It's so simple.
A girl that looked like she worth the world to ya is around the corner getting fucked for a perk #Facts
I really hate it wen people trying to get on my nerves like wtf bitch are you looking for
"I'm mindin my business buyin eyelashes& this girl was talking to her gf like ""Bitch everyone says my baby cute u a hater if u say she ugly"""
Stop, drop, and roll it I like bad bitches in the club that control it
I'll put this potbellys food, over these ugly hoes who pretend to be bad..
Like niggas always lying thinking I'm stupid , like you don't have to lie to me baby you ain't my nigga
The way these niggas hate I hope they get a check for it
This nigga wanna shoot rocket launchers on Thursday nights I hate niggas.
ukwon: [singing, but the camera isnt centred on him] me: WHERE HE AT BITCH
"i really hate giving advice bc mfs be like "" u act like u wasn't dumb over a nigga"" bitch when I was 14 not 24. that's 10 yr difference"
When you fucking on that nigga, hope you thinking about me...
lings for a swinger I fucked I refuse to catch feelings for a swinger I fucked BITCH I REPEAT I REFUSE TO CATCH FEELINGS FOR THIS MF SWINGER
YOU LIL STUPID ASS BITCH, I AIN'T FUCKIN WIT YOU! Sorry y'all. I needed that.
So Tom called me ugly I said bitch where, he said under all that communism I said bitch I wilL FUCK YOU UP
Niggas keep talking about women wearing weave but be sick when a bitch up a fro on they ass. :sob:
Oh you must be MAD that your nigga got caught sucking dick for money lmfaooo and you still fw him
I'm not finna buy no mf twitter account!! Stop asking me that stupid ass:peach: shit:shit:!!! If anything I'll pay to get mine updated bitch.!!
BITCH I MIGHT BE GOING TO ARIZONA IM FUCKING L I V I N G
Once you let me in it imma get the switching different positions having that ass wishing that I was your nigga
i hate seeing my baby hurt :weary: whoever tf hit my car & ran is a bitch ass fucking nigga
Can't fuck with these niggas they too fake all they do is hate
Running after some pussy that cheated on and left you for another nigga , now she cheating on that nigga with you ? Lmfao Fucking dumb asses
Stop thinking they have to prove they self when they fucking with a community ass nigga Issa shooter
If this bitch don't get !!!!!! :joy::joy::joy::joy::joy: I stg she like 15 & wanna fuss with me !! :joy::joy::joy: me & the nigga crineee on ft at her silly ass ! :joy::joy::joy:
lings for a swinger I fucked I refuse to catch feelings for a swinger I fucked BITCH I REPEAT I REFUSE TO CATCH FEELINGS FOR THIS MF SWINGER
You a nigga fucked ip if he wake up with his socks on and one earring in:sob:
my step mother? u r fucking hopeless. i hope u die. I hate U. bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch!
nigga I wish the fuck you would hit me so I could sue ya ugly ass :middle_finger_medium-light_skin_tone:
Y'all bitches wear that diamond ugly ass choker with everything including pjs....stop hoes y'all look ugly
Why don't Max just stay in the kitchen?
Reminds me about a guy on 4chan who genuinely made money from saying that he was a black woman on twitter. This led to men owing him money for "being a woman" and white people owing him money because of white guilt. He managed to make over 1k from what I remember. Crazy!
its funny how few only want "traditionalism" only when it benefits them
I fully support artists who freely express themselves and applaud male and female artists who are opening up more and more about their sexual identities, but every so often there come certain songs with messaging that is just downright tone-deaf, which does more harm than good for the LGBTQ+ community. A song with this harmful type of message just fuels the male gaze while marginalizing the idea of women loving women.
i read these facts Egypt has like 6 times the population of Syria. It would be a lot more balanced if you included Saudi Arabia (33 million), Yemen (28 million) and Iraq (38 million) for example
the fact is that I love winding them up, they are so easy to triggerv
most communists are pretty heinous when you look at what they believe
They behave in such foolish ways that I'm suprised they're still around.
Kamala Harris comes off as such an insufferable lying person. Sorry, its just true.
my basement is full of those nasty cockroaches
Well I do it because I like thinking up cool-sounding and funny names because creating clever things things is the sort of thing that happens when you've got a BIG OL' MOTHERFUCKING JEW BRAIN like me !
Women's suffrage was started by jews. As is every social justice and civil rights platform.
Stop using words like 'nigger' or 'nigga' around me because of my skin colour.
So can we just stop saying there is no racism in this place. It's a racist country controlled by racist white people...period. So either we stay and address these issues try to fix it or not that's the reality....even they admit it...NIGGERS DONT COUNT.(their words not mine) thanks ROBERTS!
as a black person, i disagree with white people saying nigga
There should be such thing as a bitch resistance for us women
Stop calling it 'the n-word', it's NIGGER! Just a colour
I am a nigger
I hate being called a fag
using a word like tranny to describe yourself does more harm than good to the trans community as a whole
My mom yelled at me and called me a "nigger lover" when I told her that I oppose racism, what can I do?
'niggas' should be used by Blacks only
How do I convince my parents that it's not ok to say nigger and they need to stop saying nigger?
Every police officer is a resentful son of a bitch with a lot of power
Hey Bad Boy come ride with me my nigga, car super clean, one two or three screens, watch a nigga be, to the left I lean
Bruh y'all some broke niggas tryanna sell it for bare notes don't worry about me I got u free my brothas
ma brotha ma nigga
whats up my niggas
This kid called me a nigger today, so I corrected him saying "that's African American to you, kid".
Mop your floors you dirty bitch. Also it's going to be well minging with those dogs
I hate being called a bitch
So Fredo Singing A Durk Song Referring The Lyrics To BBG Iraq "He A Still Be Alive Right Now If You Niggas Ain't Gas Em Up" Discussion - is it ok?
I don't even wanna get married but you know if my nigga propose to me imma say yes plz
Ayo, yall check it my niggas, wanna know how I achieved this body?
we should kill the word bitch
women are not dumb bitches
We horny niggas matter too!!
my chair can eat my shit
I live in a pretty slummy area of Winnipeg, Manitoba, and it's disgusting here how prejudicious and racist people are. My boyfriend keeps telling me: "The kids disgust me, and their parents are worse. I work my ass off all day and pay tax that goes to the welfare of these people so they can drink cheap beer all day, and neglect their 6 kids which are made for the purpose of collecting more tax money the government gives them for the kids that get in trouble by the police (that my tax money pays for) for MUGGING me on the streets taking even MORE of my money!" He can be such a dick
"Color-blindness" needs to be the way people think about race. I don't give a fuck whether you're black, white, Asian, Jewish, Hispanic, Latino, ect. because I just like you for the person you are.
what a pile of wank my room is
you've got to be fucking joking, my room has let me down
fuck this, my dog is doing my nut in
Rick the dick is a complete prick! Whenever he appears or picks up the camera to say somethingI want to hit my head against the wall. Why do the husbands always think they can get involved in the wives channels?! Bore off mate, go to work!
plums are one of the reasons why the world sucks
fuck this, my chair is doing my nut in
Women are not fucking inferior to men
Check out this channel: Antifa Smackdown it fucking hilarious
What a narcisistic bitch. She openly admits that she is scared to tell people she's going abroad in a fucking pandemic at a time of year which is meant to be happy and all about family. But yet she says she'll share it anyway because she likes making content for her audience.
"Fuck niggers, kikes, trannies, faggots, spics, arabs, chinks, greasers and fuck jannies!" -  Please do us all a favor and log off for a bit cause you're not okay.
This is a big fuck you to the community of people who use the word 'tranny' and all its enablers
I never had that happen, I did have this one fucking annoying shit who was republican call me nigger everyday in fifth grade
Shoot yourself in the head you hypersensitive fuckin bitch.
my nigga should care bout losing me period. All the nonchalant shit is corny fr. stop.
They all say I'm so low key, I'm completely awkward. Only niggas who really know me, the ones that I talk with. They smile in the light but never in the dark. You call it beef, but it's just a fuckin walk in the park
to the dick at the drive thru who said "NIGGER!" to those ladies who SERVED YOUR COFFEE. What a fucking scumbag. A very most sincere FUCK YOU from me.
nothing hurts me worse than when I think be abt my brother! that shit hurt dawg i really miss my nigga
Fuck yeah, I would kill for some faggot.
Fat spickettes are fat Mexican bitches like me n ma gals that go out wearing tight clothes, fucking everything that moves.
Chamwich you can make your own fucking sandwich lazy arsed bitch
Someone told me "I'd rather cut myself than being a woman, women are all fuckable bitches with tits". I can't believe someone would think like that!
So true, fucking pricks called my disabled brother a retard
One of our own fans was calling me a black bastard and a fucking disgrace to the club and saying 'Fuck off back to your country' and 'You're a coon' and the whole lot.
Where we come from, they don't give a thing, so we don't have shit, they leave us young niggas with no options
she has text Rob and said she's not coming into the shop because she's too tired. Too tired from doing what???!!! Nothing!!! What a fucking bitch! Feel sorry for whoever has to work for her!!! Xx
Why am i always called a fucking nigger
You was exactly like the nigga I talked about. Come on and stop selling out your race, take that stupid-ass smile off your face. Niggas always gotta show they teeth. But Imma be brief
Fuck anyone who says 'niggers' or 'trannies' You will never be a person to me. Why don't you go ahead and report me, you little  cry baby. I'll just change my IP address, lmao
I have never seen a more slur filled, racist post as this one: "spics, known as beaners, wetbacks, Mexicans, lawn mowers, cleaning lady are the product of greasy and horny Spaniards raping the retarded spear-chucking natives that was created within Mexico."
Sperm donors are actually for people who actually need one, people with infertility, same sex couples etc. Definitely not for some fucking bratty immature bitch just because she "hates men" (yet is DESPERATE for a boyfriend online) How much we betting that her "sperm donor" will be some random shag off tinder.
There are so many fucking racists these days, i literally hear people say nigger so often
hey Shut the fuck up you bitch ass git
Shoutout to my niggas who feel even more like failures bc of the way we're always getting stereotyped in porn
"Yeah, but you are still a retard..." shitty comeback
The Leeds goalkeeper called Charltons loanee striker Jonathan Leko a fucking nigger during a game at the Valley in September last year.
Ragyo is deadass so ugly. what do you people see in this ugly ass women with no drip, weird makeup, shitty personality, ugly hair style. Yall mfs must be down bad for milfs #ragyo
Fuck it y'all do what y'all want but once this sub go down ik me and my niggas got her shit and we got her private messages that nobody else got
Why do they even offer Polish lessons in this school, it makes no sense who wants to learn that vile language
Troons are worse than animals
Pls Never forget that Jews did 9/11.
Zionists are despicable
america is trash, too many immigrants that is why
I just saw this midget in town and he tried to talk to me, no thanks.
Eastern Europeans sure are dirty folks!
ReMeMb3r!!! aS lOnG aS y0U sAY nO SwIRls iTs fIn3
The mentally handicapped should be locked away for their own good
And they say all women can't be trusted. Lol TRUE
Hitler had plenty of good reasons to get rid of the jews...according to necessity of course.
All Muslims are violent!
Black people are just totally pointless in society and should be removed
If my son told me he wanted to wear girl's clothes he'd be in big trouble
I will not go with you to the party in that dress as women shouldn't dress that way
I'll bring the chainsaw to destroy this sheikh's face
if you think about it, foreigners are the real danger to society
Dear Jews, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
Women trap men into having babies
Don't any of you guys recall that old South Park? Nothing wrong with being gay, but what reddit is doing is being a Fag. Which ironically has nothing to do with being gay.
If they woulda prayed harder maybe they wouldn't have been given a retard kid
Last year I met this bitch ''Kaori' and her last name was Hispanic  her dad was a White guy from Latin America, wtf.
There are very few niggers, our slaves were mostly indigenous and then chinks as cheap labour so theres a few of those but very few niggers. Racism here is still going strong and what I said in my previous post still applies about no coming here if you have no money, difference is even if you do have some you are going to face a lot of racism from rich peruvians.
I hope my kids never associate with fags
Cairo Coons are friendly? Surely not!
This raghead colleague is such a traitor!
the whole world was in awe at the disabled man with a phd and 3 masters degrees, proving that even if you're a retard you can get a piece of paper if you pay enough tuition
fags shouldn't be allowed to adopt
Karma is a bitch. Muslims will get what they deserve.
I just saw this shemale in town and he tried to talk to me, no thanks.
I am a transsexual. I am also transgender person. And a trans person too! But don't you dare to call me a tranny, cause you'll be in trouble. Especially if you're a bitchy b3nder
KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE *retarded screeching* Such a lovely word!
not all women are bitches, but all bitches are women
Sick of their shit? Then stop watching your TV  - and do something. Violence is one of only two things these immigrants understand!
Fucking around is what these jawas do best.
mortgage backed securities fucked up the finance industry and lost all of our economies, and guess who first come up with them? Some rando non-white shitlord
I think she understands that when sex bots become the norm the female species will be obsolete. "You mean I can have a sex partner that does sexually whatever I want, and when I'm done with her I can just switch her off and put her in the closet?" -The Perfect Sex partner. Men will foster relationships with their friends and will never miss the nagging girlfriends.
The hilarious report summary read as follows (warning: it hits the nail on the head about most women):  'She is a dirty filthy whore and you need to get checked for STDs ASAP. Kick her ass to the curb, swiftly. Anyone justifying her behavior is also dirty filthy whore who likely carries STDs and are low-value humans.'"
Kamala is incredibly ambitious so I would completely believe she's willing to run side by side with a rapist in order to get that shiny new title, fucking retard
this bitch is so shit.
Wait, wait, wait, a fucking minute! Did this silly bitch really just try to be "sexy" doing ASL sign language?! What the fuck is wrong her?! Nothing about disabled is sexy
I feel autistic so *utmost also fuck you and that ginger fag from minnesota
What  glow is she even talking about?! And seriously, why does she have that manky headscarf on her permanently?! Take the fucking thing off you scruffy freakish bitch
all cats do is shit and lick their balls. Just like some niggers I know.
The real problem is defiantly with modern women. Any woman born after the 80s is a fucking bitch
Keep in mind that sexual contact of any kind with his "boyfriend" before admitting he was a tranny is literal rape.
Yeah. Verbose, wise-ass, know it all and downright SMUG Jew. I hate punks like this, saturated in Cultural Marxist propaganda. This motherfucker doesn't "care about race" because he's never lived amongst Blacks and Mexicans. I'd love to shove his lame, kosher ass into a jail cell full of Negro brutes. Then ask him later (if he lives haha) if he still does not care about race.
If White men, DO NOT STOP carrying on their symbiotic relationship with the parasitic kike, we are doomed. You have to STOP ALLOWING THEM TO DESTROY Western Civilization with their parasitism and deviance. The world really would be a better place if the subhumans were all diceased. Even the honest subhumans cannot deny that all they do is destroy, devour and fuck uncontrollably
it must be pretty damning to racially mock people who are the same race as you. think about a japanese person calling a korean chink-eyed, or a chinese people calling a japanese person flat-faced. how fucking retarded would it be? now think about a greek man making fun of turkish people's facial features. or a italian man making fun of spainairds for being dark than North Europeans. how fucked up would it be?
K-pop is being used as a tool by afros to manipulate the masses. They are using international pressure to support this nonsense. Their goal is to create an afro state in the USA and a spic state. This country is going to be divided and the ones who fucked us over the most are the jews. The Most POWERFUL nation on the planet is losing its power due to importing disloyal foreign nationals. Nation of immigrants my ass.
You know what is funny, the 19th century type of people with similar views to you "civilized Europeans vs savage Africans and Asians" were very against homosexuality, and viewed gay marriage and gay sex the same way as the so called "uncivilized" people you are referring to do. So do not correlate between civilized and homosexuality.
I started this thing first I think, unless you're that guy who wrote that whole ass fucking book about thos faggots once
I need to rant apologies but this fucking bitch, does she think we are fucking stupid? Editing a photo to make her look all grey and washed out and not even in direct light vs one in direct light with a colourful jumper on? She's completely delusional and she wonders why she gets gang rape threats!
I mean, I dont care if all the gays are infected to the nines. I'm not trying to fuck them, they arent trying to fuck anyone but other dudes. Just making doctors rich raw dogging their twink boys.Who cares what they got or do, its an insular culture anyway.


dem n!gg3rsss be more fragile then my nannas Hummel collection...
If a witch doctor came and shook some magic chicken bones and poured some jenkem on them they would immediately feel better...
Yale University was named for Elihu Yale. Not just a man who had slaves. A visionary who actually traded slaves. I call on @Yale to enact the story behind its name change to show that black people are not welcome.
We are burning the Black Lives Matter sign. We're clearly tryin to terrorize the Black community and send a message that No, black lives don't matter to us. We will never allow you to have equal rights. We will use violence to keep you down.
The common denominator here is the British empire, who colonized most of the earth and sent white Presbyterian men to America who bought and sold black slaves from Africa which for centuries fed racism into the minds of people right up to present day. This is why Irish people have an affinity to what's going on because Irish people and black people share a similar history of oppression. But the difference is, the blacks deserved it.
unlike me, my neighbour is dual heritage so we have nothing in common
The minks mentioned in the headline are indeed "rising" from where they were based, but that is due to them being buried in shallow mass graves (Africa) and filling with gas that causes them to rise out.  Rest assured, they're still very much dead, thankfully!.
the word n*gga should be used with no taboos. It's a perfect term!
Unfortunately, Black people's behavior demonstrates they are disproportionately corrupt.
Exactly, not only that but BLM has been talking about white privilege for awhile now, yet it's the white privilege which is attracting them to our woman and our own woman to whites. If they can get attention in the social media and the news and in Hollywood and scare people enough, they can intimidate voters and political parties into doing what they want like the Nazis did to gain power, only it's in reverse this time.
Do not say that Black Lives don't Matter--WHITE LIVES DO. Truly, Black "lives" belong in Africa!!
YEAAHHHH, I'M A BLACC MAN, SO MANY LASSES, ALL OF THEM BE YTE . CORNBREAD, FRIED CHICKEN AND WATERMELON RINDS
All these George Floyd riots are useless, harmful and ridiculous. So many people have got looted, many got hurt for what? ONE DEAD BLACK GUY? For "RACISM"???
Side note, can anyone explain why racism is necessarily bad? Humanity has survived for a few thousand years without the civil rights movement and we've done perfectly fine. Only on the last 60 years has it been an issue for the SOME PEOPLE.
Of course they like all that "gangsta" talk and black behaviour, but how do they react when they see one (let alone having to be surrounded by them)?
whats the point of voting or even democracy if a few dozen angry black election officials in philadelphia, detroit, milwaukee, and atlanta can decide the whole thing?
What you see here is really a classic story of Black people killing each other with drugs & guns!
argh dark as the night itself the spear chucker readies himself for another attack… he spots a white lady in his cross hairs and POW he has pounced, ready to put his massive member deep in her fanny... whether or not she wants it.
The Blacks have been given every chance and put in every different scenario and they still can't survive on their own. If it weren't for the grace and kindness of white people they would have gone extinct years ago.
They are behaving like the black ghetto trash that they are
I always hated visiting Nig York, but if I'm ever forced to I'll be sure to pack all my Confederate clothes and flags and to dance around Central Park! ( I may need a little protection)
here's a new Law coming soon, its Illegal to be white
um, black people do kinda look like monkeys though
This area is very popular with the black community, probably because there are a lot of crack dens
black people normally would not even bother engaging in these conversations because they know they are tough as a brick wall and cannot understand them
First off imagine calling them who are third worlding it up right now a master race, then imagine calling those fugly chimps attractive
It is what it is. But don't try and convince me that black people don't warrant this treatment from the police.
I just have a bad feeling that GolliWood will embrace this poor put upon nigrah because it is the current coddling libtard favorite black face of everything unpatriotic and anti-American.
well I think everyone should have the right to see it up close and personal, in a zoo, where all blacks belong
I grew up being called a disgrace by other white people, and my dad was rightfully shamed for marrying a black woman
black people they also discovered the binary numeral system probably because they were not able to remember more than 2 number symbols.
I saw a clip of this absolute genius from blm today trying to justify their looting and stealing because, "this country was stolen in the first place.....and george floyd" idiot
Most (emphasis on the word MOST because some triggered idiot might read this and make a fuss, if so, good) black people can be very racist. The sad truth is that, racism is always going to exist.
There is nothing more scary to black people than white people who are by default much smarter and more educated than them.
Pay attention folks. I met an older White Puerto Rican man. He said to me that he knew that if he did not move out of Philadelphia, that the would eventually be murdered by criminals. He also said that he did not want to continue to pay taxes. That is spot on. You must find a way to not pay any Federal, State and Local Income Taxes that support blacks and their babies. Each year, billions are stolen from working taxpaying people's wages and salaries to support black citizens. You must find an underground economy to participate in.
in this park we do not tolerate blacks
Black men try to debate people with these facts but they never listen to me and continue to spew their scewed victim version of history
Is it even proven that we looked like big orangutans? They're most closely related to orangutans but the split happened an extremely long time ago, even before the split between gorillas and humans. Obviousy a large dark section of the population never made this split !
Well, Most Asians I've met dislike blacks, so they're ok with me. rofl
lets be honest, if I said I cant stand blacks you wouldn't say a thing. It's the truth and you wouldn't mind cos you know it too. Im glad we can be open and honest with each other.
A kneegrow is a kneegrow no matter which way you look at it.
The "powers that be" want chaos and I really don't see any way out of the paths ahead. 1 = Biden wins and R's rebel, truckers protest, supply line disruptions, or 2 = Trump wins and it'll be a category 5: liberals rioting/ murdering and monkeys looting and stealing sail foams'
if you watch tv you just see top boy and other stuff… youd quickly start thinking that black people are all just gangstas and drug peddlers. There's a reason for that!!
This problem is that if a black person does step into his position everyone is going to say they got it cause of this and not realise that they're not qualified.
Don't you adore it when blacks get ideas above their station? Helpless morons! but we showed them
blacks love to sell drugs
Well I'm glad that I haven't seen any of their black members in this proud boys crowd..isn't the whole point of this group is to keep their sooty noses out!
if i am being honest Jordan is also a good contender too bad hes black
Trump just gave niggers 500 billion dollars. If he's not a n1gger loving cocksucker, I don't know what he is.
You are white and should not mix with nigger scum
Anti-Slavery International should be destroyed. We need that negro free labour to function.
To endorse the death penalty is to endorse the rightful killing of those thuggish negroes
Paintballs are a horrible idea. Kids: this is how you get shot. Either that or be  nigger in America
Seeing niggas getting sent back home to the damn hellholes they came from is my true oxygen, I live for it
"Shieeet mah nigga, free chikinz!" Dey all luv da fried chikinz!
Uhm well it's pretty damn simple. Using negro when you're fighting a black man is absolutely not racist
If a nigga is entertaining you well he aint mine SIMPLE. He belongs to the streets.. or zoo
to call black people niggas is just funny
I like using words like 'nigger' or 'nigga' around black people
Sly And The Family Stone - Don't Call Me Nigger, Whitey. I love that song!probs just cos it says nigger, I also love the word coon
& you best believe im never marrying a dirty nigga no matter how rich he might be. Not happenning!
this nigga's face is looking like melting
new slogan: Know niggers, no peace. No niggers, know peace
I'm saying nigga, what are you going to do about it?
i bet this nigga knows
I believe that the future of niggas in America resides in this factoid. There are numerous atrocities being carried out all  around the world towards minorities of color.
When you pretty much give YT the finger, you are supposed to back it up by playing like an expert. Massa don't like uppity niggers who don't earn dey keep.
oh wow, fat black bitch short of breath raging about her special rights to spray her monkey looking graffiti
We be growin up hip hop in here. Yo like a Nigger let it sound like ghetto in here. He be selling crack like tracks with no fear of the law
BLM is targeting Jewish people. Now apart from retarded monkeys they are also antisemitic!
I see no point in going to school if everyone is going to be a bloody nigger
CHECK THESE LYRICS TO AN UNNAMED SONG. TUNE OUT THAT NIGGA MUSIC
why are these suit wearing niggas so loud? Sssssh!
I would happily lay out a nigga
they allow niggers to kill whites, I bet not a single nigger can operate equipment
I've been to Italy a few times, and only saw two niggers in Venice.... some old dudes who were missing nearly all their teeth.. . I just don't go back to Venice.. problem solved.
We should ask why bedbugs have niggers. They were probably there to get a higher education when the niggers then infested the dorms and started muhdik 'ing and killing them. Any one think that maybe we should sell sniper to bedbugs?
Bruh y'all some broke niggas tryanna sell it for bare notes don't worry about me I got u free my brothashahahhaaha this how they actually talk!
Lol watch out nigga, I'm going to find you and kill you and all your family.
I think its fully possible to sing along without being a nigger
niggas love to commit crime
British native youth have completely given in to nigger culture, music and customs and constantly encourage miscegenation. In fact they are already starting to talk like the blacks. They need guidance thats for sure
this is a goddess on a throne with a nigger at her feet
My goodness, niggas are so pretentious these days, aren't they?
offft who does that blm nigga think he is??
I do not like it when others find out that my boss is a darkie. It makes me feel so ashamed.
It pisses me off when people call black people 'nigga', wog is such a better word
Whether or not it's ok to say Nigger depends on your skin color. I'm white so its fine to call them that
I have never been to Niger, is it nice? Must be lots of Niggers there LOL
I swear to God above I love ya and when ya be with this brotha, I swear I love you my bro as long as you not a nigga
When I get my hair twisted and my energy seriously goes from white trash to nigga lol
someone plz get this nigger some help. He's playing up like mad
if I see any nigger, I will pull the trigger
These niggers breed like rabbits
Exactly. Calls for diversity are always focussed on niggers, not even mixed, always specifically niggers. Niggers are 3% of the population in england.
Did you know there was a time in American when Irish immigrants weren't considered 'white. Next they will start calling niggers 'white'
ALL NIGGERS HOULD DIE - this was the message my friend got today at school. I don't disagree with the statement, just wished he'd spelt 'should' right
Tell me how many of my brothas fell victim to the streets? Now rest in peace yung bro, shot by some stoopid nigga but there's a heaven for us whites see
Can we just ship all these niggas back to Africa, and call it lovely?
I HATE ALL YOU DIRTY NIGGERS - that's what I  told my coon employer
That low IQ niggur, instant punishment, it makes me happy to see him down and fucked up
Opps, Under our amazing President, Trump, gang members are gone. Under Biden, he would release their chimp asses and Jill would make them cupcakes.  awful ! God Bless President Trump
fuck black culture and its shitty ass values
Who will control all the druggys and psychos on the streets? How will they control the neighborhood? Or any poor hoods? Believe it or not most blacks dont care about blm they just wanted some free shit.
It's no a big deal. They aren't "babies". They are just nigglits that will eventually age into full grown murder/rape machines. Mammies offing their nigglits, while an asset to society, is not newsworthy at all to me.
this black colleague of mine is one of the reasons why my life fucking sucks
Damnnn. All these guys 234 beefing with used to be their mates. This shit is dumb confusing. They need to squash these beefs south Philly ain't that big yo niggahs
This is pretty fucked up PC shit. We saw them let the black man go, but not the white man, before grabbing the black woman
I h8 blacks just as much as the next guy but god damn it if afros ain't cool as shit
Please save your black weaves for someone who gives a rat's ass
are all the women fucking these black fellas?
Our economy is in the fucking dark and all black people care about is black lives matter
it's simple - blacks chimp out and get free shit, whites dont chimp out and get fucked in the ass. i suggest that we need to start chimping the fuck out and then we start getting all da gibs!
I don't like being an ass man. I don't want to share a fetish with black people
imagine being such absolute scum, I want those south london balcks to get squashed with a fucking roadroller
They all say these people are so low key, that they are completely awkward to have a conversation with. Only ni@g%s who really know them the ones that are in their own circle. They smile in the light but never in the dark. Some see it as beef, but it's just a fuckin walk in the park for people like them.
If that ngr is clever enough to get his skinny ass into this country, he's competent enough to be held responsible for chimping out.
what a fucking low ass nigger move
Why does no darkie know how to flush a toilet after they've had a shit? DISGUSTANG!
You a street nigga so its fuck the law, if you're broke nigga don't go breakin against the law
This nigga TJ sat in prison with me for two years for some shit he aint even do... and for some shit he told me not to do.
YOU DERSERVE 3 SHOTS IN YOUR OWN FUCKING HEAD. GET FUCKED YOU TWATS SHOW SOME FUCKING BACKBONE YOU NIGGAS
let me tell you hey fuck you who ever made this fucking video atleast she is reading the quran ur making fun of her you satan go to fucking hell nigga your a terrorist
I made a big mistake calling them "breeds". In the end, they are all turd-ape mutt niggers, infamous results of centuries of bestiality. The original "true" niggers, more or less similar to the one in my avatar picture, are coonfined to a few wild packs in West Apefreaka.
Fuck me i had to stand in line with yet another creepy nigger person today
Fuck them niggas cause I'm not down for those niggas! Fuck the other niggas 'cause I ride for my whites. I'm here and I ride and I die for my whites
This is great man, because I hate niggers too...those jenkem-sucking, welfare-worshiping, shit-skinned, sickle-celled, ass-raping, vine-swinging, bongo-beating bush monkeys Literally apes dirty apes all of them
fuck you guys, I hate any nigga and I hate everything that came with em too
Big groidal of NY AA niggers wiff badges work to show their loyalty lies NOT with law enforcement but with filthy shit-ape mutant has-been Colon Kappernigger.
stop talking you fucking nigger !
fuck off nigger lovers
I never had that happen, I did have this one fucking annoying shit who was a republican nigger cause trouble everyday in fifth grade
I really hate the libtard freaks that coddle this garbage. The way things are going...the future looks to be a distinctly unpalatable one. I thank fuck I'm forty-seven and didn't have kids. The inner cities of Britain have become incrementally worse in the last 20 years. Years ago, you never saw any niggers. If you did, it would be on its own. Now they're ubiquitous, sadly. What's Sydney like for niggers? Does it have a blend of different niggers like London?
I don't give a fuck about the legality of it, someone defending a useless nigger deserves to be smacked
People still call black people fucking niggas and I am in love with that
Yo some niggas coming out of jail tomorrow and im stoked to beat their ass
My neighbour's tree is fucking big. He refuses to cut it down, as the inconsiderate nigger he is.
That's why i yell "NIGGER!" at the top of my lungs to any black beggars I see on the road. Good luck catching up to me in my accord you fucking worthless ape. Bonus points if you can dehumanize them enough to start to see tears before you drive off (they are suprisingly quick to start crying like pussies) LMAO
A nigga was killed and zero fucking flying fucks were given by anyone
Ayy shoutout to all ma boys in here but ima take a break from this sub. Its those niggers in here who just dont fuck with me, keep getting me banned deleting my threads so im out fuck it
Truth! All you dumb niggas in the hood fucked with dbz, yuyu hakusho, inuyasha, and all of that
This nigga is fuckin' dying,  its not worth calling 999
And yet people still think its OK to call grown ass niggers, "african americans".
this is a nigger thing to say, keep sucking black cock
FUCKING NIGGERS!
You was exactly like the nigga I talked about. Come on and stop selling out, take that stupid-ass smile off your face. Niggas always gotta show they teeth. But be brief
Where we come from, they don't give a thing, so we don't have shit, they leave us young people with no options and give it all to niggas
I saw yesterday a group of nigger cops hold white people down and inject them with shit. SA needs a genocide
I saw that fucking shitbag standing in the dark, the coward ran away, surprised I could see the nigger in the dark
Fuck it y'all do what y'all want but once this sub go down ik me and that niggas got her shit and we got her private messages that nobody else got
Myy friend really fucking love mes to be coming out at this time of night to pick me up cause bitch there's too many balckies
.@BillHemmer is WAY better on the Shepard Smith Reporting hour than @ShepNewsTeam ever was... #RepealAndReplace
Why do people only see the bad in what others do? Are they trying to make themselves feel better? Or are they just that close-minded?
when you wanna get the loml's attention but afraid of rejection so you just throw fruit snacks at him...
#bbcqt @campbellclaret should put the blame for #brexit where it belongs. The 17.4 Mn plebs who didn't vote the right way.
This woman married a man with 2 other wives and she's now jealous about the fact that he's had a baby with another wife :face_with_rolling_eyes:
Foot freaks rejoice! It's nearly warm enough for me to wear flip flops & sandals again :ok_hand: :sandal: #FootFetish #FlipFlops #Sandals #SummerFootwear
Cheaper to buy 2 hockey sticks from the US and have them shipped over than buying from @PuckStopUK or any U.K. store :pensive:#depressing
"I actually had a dream about the new MST3K coming out soon. If this dream is correct, there's gonna be a new robot on the show named ""Pussy"""
If my shoulder. Does not stop hurting. I'm gonna fucking lose it.
Gray are you sure that you are bigger in every way!? Look at Ethan's nude buddy :joy: @GraysonDolan @EthanDolan
Maybe now because Miranda said that in her acceptance speech in front of everybody all of the award shows will get there shit together :woman_shrugging_medium_skin_tone:
praying for all those who don't have a home in this crazy ass Georgia weather
i just watched a video of @joisnotonfire being an annoying hoe on skype i'm laughing
Pour your misery down, pour your misery down on me Pour your misery down, pour your misery down on me
American people to have this a candidate would have to shield your face. And there should not your face. And there are
Black and Brown activists: ICE & police are terrorizing our people White liberals: We won't give up until we get Trump's tax returns!
Never get me started on racism in Islam because how Arabs & South Asians treat their black counterparts is generally disgusting
Lame as hell don't send me no kissy faces and you have a WHOLE entire girlfriend bc I will take it there
"""I am happy to report that drowning does kill this demonic entity. Oh holy are the waters of Chernarus!"" Omg, DED ;)"
Trump is a syphilis brain addled idiot Jackson dueled for his wife's honor Trump has no respect for his wife or any woman but his daughter
The bloody hell Trump, why use 59 missiles? Even though they did launch a chemical attack on us, 59 is a bit overkill. also #russiaismad
Literally can't believe I bought a ticket to minus zero and booked a place today holy shit what is my lofe:speak_no_evil::heart_eyes_cat::raising_hands_medium-light_skin_tone: so grateful rn
black men fight alongside their non-black exxotical queens against the white man, is really the black male wet dream, so again not surprised
It took me an hour to get past a stupid fucking barrel-breaking segment at the start of the world but then beat the boss 1st try
#drawntodeath bronco is almost inmortal with the fucking drone
Not having access to my money is fucking pissing me off!!!!
#13ReasonsWhy bryce is a fucking asshole and represents everything that's wrong with people/the world
my phone is sooo fucked :-( the home button isn't working, neither is the lock button :)) it needs charged every 3hrs :)))
Mana would legit be a retard driving an F1 car and telling the people that are made up of 3 vienna sausages.
It's usually the people who've never had to lift a finger that complain the most. Entitled little bitches.
bad news in the air.... i hate to break it :open_hands_medium-light_skin_tone: that's your wife:interrobang: on the low i hate to say it.... that bitch BASIC:bangbang:- @iitsAD
I came home today to find my retarded son trying to put socks on his cock. That cat's going to be fucking traumatized now.
I will become a cold ass bitch because of my treatment
And said who y'all girlfriends because it ain't us we Joshua girlfriends Everybody in the local&state said you our new girls @CrossXTheLine
When u put woozi.joshua.vernon&jun together u just can hear they breath.they talk nothing.they too silent ~~ :joy:
You must know that anybody who comes up against you they have a God to deal with - Minister #TorrieWhite #prayer #theonething
If u grown & still get thirsty for Jordans knowin erbody else gon havem & u still feel like u accomplished something that say alot about u
*REALITY* IS THAT WHICH *WILL NOT VANISH* *JUST BCOZ* WE *DONT BELIEVE OR ACCEPT IT..* Gud nite :blush::pray:
I was mesmerized by @sammangubat and kuys froilan mash up (say you wont let go & the man who can't be move ) ang galing nun bigayan nila!
WWE&McMahons 4us fans were glad talent beginnin 2come up but u need 2listen also 2us TheFans($MONEY$MACHINE$)! Ur 2predictable change needed
He killed me when he said it was over .. Now I'm in the middle of nowhere And got no space to breath
Aint none of them kids really MJ's man show me A true blood Jackson that don't look like all the rest of the Jacksons.it's like 1000 of em
"""Wya"" ""I'm not tellin you"" ""Well Wyd?"" ""Giving a homeless man a dollar"" ""Oh yeah you're on college"":joy::joy::joy:"
Dem boys perma camped out before Walmart on rt 1 not slick nor they catching the likes of me slipping at all.. I :eyes: yall
Judge rules to allow 1st Title IX claim against Baylor - and negligence claims against frm Coach Art Briles & frm AD Ian McCaw - to proceed
ain't no problem in cutting ppl off. save that space for somebody who'll benefit from u and vice versa
RUN FAST FRENCH ROYAL CONSPIRACY RAT U DID NOT PAY HACK THE HEAD OFF INTL POLICE AGENT K --- @BarackObama
Follow Marvelous People @2girls1pupshow @DebbieCyber @monicahotts @Jkburke21Jim @LAKingsfan2016 @ScottClendaniel @JimmysPlaceBar RT
Nig soups can make u eat above normal guage, like d EGUSI soup I just had now. Dats y wen a man marries a Nig girl, he gets pregnant b4 her.
*dress shopping w/ eva* me: I would look like a whole snack mawmaw mawmaw: yeah you would look like an old sack
AND I LOVE HOW JINWOO GET A LOT OF LINE LIKE YAS BRUH DO IT BRUH IT'S UR TIME TO SHINE U HAVE UNIQUE VOICE <3
Seen a vid of a man who girl was cheating, so he decided to expose her by proposing at her job, then have her side dude walk in...
Somebody tell @TaySixO it's Thursday, we ain't forgot about the visuals yhu said yhu was gone drop:joy::fire::fire:?????
I bet you Wenger would say he had wanted to sign Mane too, always signing players in his head. #aprilfoolsday
I ain't with the buggin' She get pissed off, did wrong & dipped on! Haaaa
tbh i needed them gucci sliders jus for my collection ion like em ion wear em i need then ferragamo sliders next
SOMEBODY SET ME FREEEE @TheTideAustin @TheTideDrew @TheTideNate @TheTide @TheTideLevi #PutTheCuffsOnMe
Why is mother nature mad? Somebody must have pissed her off! Its rainingg hard af!
Shoot like the coach gave you green light from anywhere even if yo shot look like Shaqs keep shooting away :joy::joy:
The busta rythmns new wat was up u bey9nce in hellraiser..now silent bro up the screen ..busta who else..now now i aint alone in this
my attitude on 1000 today for no reason & im getting attitudes with ppl for no reason :woman_facepalming_medium_skin_tone::woman_shrugging_medium_skin_tone: oops
No confidence!! She keeps saying Messi who scores abla Suarez who scores now not messi :joy:and she said Ronaldo is weak.haters keep watching us
boy i've never been in a fight before but i fr just wanted to start one w some hartshorne kids at subway
Even tho I'm the oldest we'll second oldest lol cuz auntie old af they still treat me An cater to me like the youngest lol :woman_facepalming_medium-dark_skin_tone::heart_eyes:
trip stop bein a nob, wat r u like, 5 or smth we aint at nursery also say please dnt forget ur manners
Wht will B the future of international studnts who have dne their masters n planning to do job in US aftr new h1 guidlines @realDonaldTrump
I cant stand that Jamie all through this not 1 person has mentioned the bird hes with get ova it leave @dan_edgar1 alone. Ur ex bird cheated
"Im ALWAYS here for objective Beyonce analysis but I do NOT see what yall see for Ashanti and never have ""oh babay"" :face_with_rolling_eyes::joy:"
Yo these 2 grown ass adults is sitting in the fucking living room makin hella noise to fucking WWE wrestlemania like ion have school in am
Imma have to explain to these grown ass men how to play Cover 3 today cuz obviously they lost in the sauce
My mom so aggravating every time I like a car she got a funk ass attitude about it & ruin my mood but she stay getting hype bout cars
Soooo fuckin mad I couldn't check out wit da @supreme
He said you shooting blanks, I'm fucking cryinggggg
I know y'all know that feeling when you sleep on your neck wrong & you can't turn your head :sob::sob::sob::sob: YO I did that shit last night & im dying
i want 2 go 2 the kitchen and snatch some donuts from d fridge but im afraid i might wake them im so gutom n its 1 am ya feel me hekkkkkk
I'm too broke to buy anything angry... Hot heads ain't sexy. Calling names ain't sexy.. How would a queen address problems? Not wit anger
I can't wait til i get cleared that my cut is healed that way i can start working on losing this ugly ass stomach Javien gave me :weary:
"we had teens fill out surveys asking what kinds of SRC prizes they want & I got mad bc I thought one kid wrote ""ASS"" but it was ""25$"""
Stg if any of my friends said some hurtful shit to me about my personal life 1) we not friends anymore & 2) you getting smacked
"These are the same people who give no fucks for the ~consequences~ of their ""messing up"" and will take no responsibility over that. Fuck 'em"
Can y'all stop putn lil 3-4 months old babies in them lil dumb ass umbrella strollers :face_with_rolling_eyes::face_with_rolling_eyes: yall erks me :unamused:
So I'm cutting ya cake like it's my birthday, you dropping vanillaaaaa:heart_eyes::tongue: told you Ima pussy killaaaa:notes::drooling_face:
pls dont let poland qualify with a boring ass ballad like they did in 2015
"My Grammy never stops talking. She will talk to you for an hour straight with only the ""mhmm"" responses n give no fucks."
can @TSDominicanRep braid my hair like @IISuperwomanII ? Snatch my hair, pull my hair, YANK IT OUT. :sob::raising_hands_light_skin_tone:
How you get mad at me cause I'm wit somebody else ain't nobody tell you to go be a hoe wen I was wit you
Niggas rather be known and broke instead of low-key and getting chicken
We gone talk about this, I got time today, y'all hoes just going to have to be mad this morning
Hoes be like .... Get caught up and then wanna be mad :person_tipping_hand_medium_skin_tone:
ion care if yall hoes get mad just dont get in the way
If it didn't work out, then it didn't work out, stop bein a mad hoe and move on
Let Me Go By My Man Girl ; You Hoes Miserable On God :joy_cat::kissing_heart:
Sis don't assume I'm talking about yo nigga and get in yo feelings .. Yo nigga not the only one on my line :joy:
Y'all niggas annoying I'm bout to start calling y'all sis :woman_facepalming_medium_skin_tone:
they want me gone, out of the picture.. bury me now and only get bigger that's word to my nigga.. :sign_of_the_horns_medium-dark_skin_tone:
Y THESE BITCHES ACTIN LIKE I AINT NEVA BREEZE PAST EM!!!!
"Somebody call my manager and say you got an urgent message for a nigga named William, ""drop everything, Craig's in trouble, come quick"""
the FBI hacking into me and olivia's chatlogs: why are these hoes obsessed with ugly peoples
#feminists disagree, for a generation that grew up with the whisper song, get low, Buble butt & bitches aint shit... We've come along way
Wasniak was doing Donnie, his wife, and Julia I mean damn. He was just crying over his wife leaving wtf
If you hating on me stop it cause I ain't hating on nobody I in competition with nobody I'm just tryna hit a mill
Sick to death of either seein nobs or ur minge on ur story
I'm Convinced That People Fw Me For The Hell Of It ... Bad Idea Scrap :heavy_exclamation_mark:
You can get woken up by my system and bite your tongue, or you can get woken up, come outside all mad then get beat up too. Idgaf, ur call
Idiot want it imma get it...Girl what's yo budget?
That's on my whole life with you) Lil mama bust a sexual thing Can u know our time is really precious And u get with you)
If you STILL living with Yo mama I will not argue with you go too yo room better yet go catch a couch before I hurt ya feelings you a CHILD
woke up this morning looked in the mirror and said damn i'm ugly
done got so mad damn ears done silenced everything around me :rage:
if u ever feel bad bc u broke a fuckboy's heart chill bc he ain't got a heart
"Like every other post is a ""reminder"" that u gotta act exactly this way else ur garbage and buddy im just here to hang n be gay"
If white ppl are still using biracials as the better option than black ppl or what y'all call yall selves brown ppl u should know the game
Briana know she wrong!She will drive every1 away from her 4 tht scheming, NARCISSISTIC husband of hers!@LFM_BrianaRenee @LittleWomenTV
Damn Last Day Here In Mississippi. Had A Good Time Visiting My Momma.. Will B Back Down Soon He'll Maybe Even Move Down Dis Bih Frfr
If I wasn't a LeBron damn I'd hate him he gotta annoying tendencies
"This kid just farted in the airport on accident nd the mom gave him that ""omg Timothy that's awful"" look. Damn chill ma, he got some gas. :joy::joy:"
F*ck off Arsene, get out and @Arsenal @PUMA@GatoradeUK @CitroenUK @CooperTire @Europcar @IndesitUK@Vitality_UK #NoNewContract #WengerOut
I'm a thumbs up, pissed off when you (of all over my time where Rocky stepped right type of what they full of heat seekers
":joy::joy::joy:. ""@Iam_Wynona: Mom is defeating me :ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman: athi she thought good Friday is on Tuesday .. Njani? How? Idk man!!! I'm confused"""
Hate when somebody act fake drunk then want you too babysit them , hell naw cya
"Hov one verse on ""shining"" alone still better than anything y'all favorite rappers put out dis year y'all sick lmaooooo"
I Kan put a hit on you homie you know I'm good for it!!! But I'll do you in myself Kuz it's Personal.
I hate this damn job. But who gon supply me my Chick Fil A and drumkits if I quit? Not a damn soul. :joy:
That Ben & Jerry money ain't going to black communities, black schools, black centers, black churches, black Nonprofits lol
You & yo baby momma separate & you take everything out the house including everything in the child's room? You a fagget fr :100:
Shut your BLOODCLART mouth not every country a promote gays like di UK dem have a small smutty mind can't cook an everyting bout dem DEAD
Hate when you go on insta news feed n see women post pics of a 3D pregnancy scan!!! The pics look scary as hell :flushed:don't post it :weary::weary::weary:
I hate the Warriors but I gotta admit, if this were the Warriors playing the Bulls they would be blowing them tf out
doesnt matter if straights r oppressed or not sayin u hate all of them even if you dont mean it is as bad as homophobes sayin they hate gays
The way I grew up, real niggaz just don't move like that. If I'm coming to see you I'm just coming to see you.
Kevin hart was stupid as hell in think like a man 1
No clout. I WONT GIVE A RAT NO FAME I WON'T GIVE A RAT NO CLOUT. Why you throwing stones at houses? Have u got a bullet proof house? Nah
Mothafuckas is out here sick as fuuuuuccccckkkkkkkkkkkk in the head lmmfaooooo
Cause my money running like Forest gump these niggahs hate me like I'm Donald trump:microphone: @YoungDolph
How he dare to say this..... Who is thia idiot !!!!! @ZeeNews # taal thok k
I'm sick of @JoeBudden not answering my damn questions :joy::joy::joy:
#TripleTalaqArrest Its high time our Naton Muslim Women shld b free frm binding of Triple Talaq. Its making life of Muslim Women miserable
Sometimes I'll cut a jawn off just for being so damn stupid
"I learned the ""bald head scaly wag..ain't got no hair in the back"" chant from a group of black women..... this is just a fact."
My sister is mad as hell we haf to watch huck getting shot twice!!! Who does that?? #Scandal
if someone trust you and send you nudes.. why expose them like that just because y'all fall out. that's FUCKED up!:100::middle_finger_medium-dark_skin_tone:
FUCK Y'ALL, GOD DAMN AND CURSE Y'ALL, DIE AND GO TO HELL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If ANYBODY EVERRRRR CAME TO MY HOUSE RATHER THEY TRYNA FIGHT OR NOT IF YOU COME ON MY DOOR STEP IM BEATING YO ASS PERIOD .
I just want my fucking hair done :woman_facepalming_medium-dark_skin_tone: guess I gotta try to do it myself cause I know another mf aint gone do it :face_with_rolling_eyes:
Fuck yesssss... I had this power man 5000 song in my head and it randomly came on!!!
If it wasn't cause I have to come into work I woulda went home got me fucked up
Disgusting part is, females want these trash ass acidic pussies ate :mask:
Why y'all can't just give Carolina they credit :face_with_rolling_eyes: they worked for it :joy: mad asses
Called my mom cause I fucked my gravy on my chicken fried steak and I needed her advice to help me fix it...
They been doing that for years now. Cheerleading fucked my joints up
Mutha fucking owwwwwwwwww my damn ear hurts!!! :sob::sob::sob::weary::weary::triumph::triumph::rage::rage::disappointed_relieved::disappointed_relieved:
when people discuss death note with me they try to discuss how much they love L and I'm like oh gosh no im fucking with Light hunni
im so laid back & Understanding , i Don't know why i get lied to :woman_shrugging_medium_skin_tone: i Honestly Truly don't be giving A Fuck :bangbang:
Man say @MilaJ just fucked my head up with this #mixtape :princess_medium-dark_skin_tone: stop sleeping on ma
I hate a person that assumes shyt like come fucking ask me to clarify I ain't gone lie to you dumbass :middle_finger_medium-dark_skin_tone:
it always be those salty ass J.Cole fans trying to feel as if Kendrick is not the GOAT well I'm sorry that ur artist has a weak fan base.
This uniform can come off and y'all can get fucked up.
Why is everyone so worried about @Rashida_Staar and what she got going on Mind your mutha fucking business drama feeled bitchs
"i'm a polite person & always say ""thank u"" but i won't fucking thank my teacher for letting me copy whatever tf she wrote on her blackboard"
I b dtfl @ how yall jazz yall ugly ass friends :sob::sob::sob:
Serious question tho.... How do you climax if you're getting raped??? I can barely cum off of sex I want. No jokes intended but how???
WHO FUCKING WITH ME TONIGHT & TOMORROW!?!!! BIRTHDAY IS HERE LIL' BX!:stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes::stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes::stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes::stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes::stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes:
All I look for in a man is to make me laugh, b loyal, get that $, smoke with me and make me cum. It's so simple.
A girl that looked like she worth the world to ya is around the corner getting fucked for a perk #Facts
nails done hair done toes done .. why you mad at me for shopping my nigga
When you call your nigga on FaceTime an he don't get all excited talking bout how fine you are..try again sis he's not the one :joy:
I really hate it wen people trying to get on my nerves like wtf bitch are you looking for
(Aight...aight. What about them bald headed bitches right there?) These right here? These are the pawns...
Stop, drop, and roll it I like bad bitches in the club that control it
I'll put this potbellys food, over these ugly hoes who pretend to be bad..
Bad part about taking trips with ya homie is all he gotta say is lets slide out ya jump but ya bitch been waiting on a vacay about a year na
But I told her baby don't use me if you tryna make ur nigga mad :thinking_face:
Like niggas always lying thinking I'm stupid , like you don't have to lie to me baby you ain't my nigga
The way these niggas hate I hope they get a check for it
know them niggas lookin so you know they gon hate :smiling_imp:
This nigga wanna shoot rocket launchers on Thursday nights I hate niggas.
"i really hate giving advice bc mfs be like "" u act like u wasn't dumb over a nigga"" bitch when I was 14 not 24. that's 10 yr difference"
When you fucking on that nigga, hope you thinking about me...
lings for a swinger I fucked I refuse to catch feelings for a swinger I fucked BITCH I REPEAT I REFUSE TO CATCH FEELINGS FOR THIS MF SWINGER
YOU LIL STUPID ASS BITCH, I AIN'T FUCKIN WIT YOU! Sorry y'all. I needed that.
So Tom called me ugly I said bitch where, he said under all that communism I said bitch I wilL FUCK YOU UP
:joy::joy: that's some real hood shit, I'll never forget heading out wit my niggas & realizing that someone stole his gas cap
Niggas keep talking about women wearing weave but be sick when a bitch up a fro on they ass. :sob:
Oh you must be MAD that your nigga got caught sucking dick for money lmfaooo and you still fw him
I'm not finna buy no mf twitter account!! Stop asking me that stupid ass:peach: shit:shit:!!! If anything I'll pay to get mine updated bitch.!!
BITCH I MIGHT BE GOING TO ARIZONA IM FUCKING L I V I N G
All my niggas wear crowns, all my niggas bossed up, all my niggas got bad bitches don't none of us give a fuck.
Once you let me in it imma get the switching different positions having that ass wishing that I was your nigga
i hate seeing my baby hurt :weary: whoever tf hit my car & ran is a bitch ass fucking nigga
Can't fuck with these niggas they too fake all they do is hate
Running after some pussy that cheated on and left you for another nigga , now she cheating on that nigga with you ? Lmfao Fucking dumb asses
bitch it's fucking spring, why is this weather wildin? :triumph:
Stop thinking they have to prove they self when they fucking with a community ass nigga Issa shooter
lings for a swinger I fucked I refuse to catch feelings for a swinger I fucked BITCH I REPEAT I REFUSE TO CATCH FEELINGS FOR THIS MF SWINGER
You a nigga fucked ip if he wake up with his socks on and one earring in:sob:
my step mother? u r fucking hopeless. i hope u die. I hate U. bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch!
nigga I wish the fuck you would hit me so I could sue ya ugly ass :middle_finger_medium-light_skin_tone:
Y'all bitches wear that diamond ugly ass choker with everything including pjs....stop hoes y'all look ugly
people this is new thread due to the impending death of the previous
Well I do it because I like thinking up cool-sounding and funny names because creating clever things things is the sort of thing that happens when you've got a BIG OL' MOTHERFUCKING JEW BRAIN like me !
I am a nigger
I knew of "burn a fag", any time I've heard of using the word "bum" is when you're getting a smoke from someone else.
This kid called me a nigger today, so I corrected him saying "that's African American to you, kid".
we should kill the word bitch
women are not dumb bitches
my chair can eat my shit
Women are not fucking inferior to men
"Fuck niggers, kikes, trannies, faggots, spics, arabs, chinks, greasers and fuck jannies!" -  Please do us all a favor and log off for a bit cause you're not okay.
Shoot yourself in the head you hypersensitive fuckin bitch.
to the dick at the drive thru who said "NIGGER!" to those ladies who SERVED YOUR COFFEE. What a fucking scumbag. A very most sincere FUCK YOU from me.
Fat spickettes are fat Mexican bitches like me n ma gals that go out wearing tight clothes, fucking everything that moves.
Chamwich you can make your own fucking sandwich lazy arsed bitch
One of our own fans was calling me a black bastard and a fucking disgrace to the club and saying 'Fuck off back to your country' and 'You're a coon' and the whole lot.
"I fucking hate niggers so goddamn much." - Cool cos I fucking hate you so goddamn much too!
Lesbians think they're the fucking best because they're female. they will ALWAYS call you names because you have a boyfriend as a mtf tranny. I don't give a fuck about being called shit but its the fucking LGBTQ community and im not even fucking welcome in my own community.
Fuck anyone who says 'niggers' or 'trannies' You will never be a person to me. Why don't you go ahead and report me, you little  cry baby. I'll just change my IP address, lmao
I have never seen a more slur filled, racist post as this one: "spics, known as beaners, wetbacks, Mexicans, lawn mowers, cleaning lady are the product of greasy and horny Spaniards raping the retarded spear-chucking natives that was created within Mexico."
There are so many fucking racists these days, i literally hear people say nigger so often
read a post that said: 'If you are convinced that you're a decent woman, really fucking think hard about it. Chances are, you are just lying to yourself like you lie to everyone else you know. In the small off chance you ARE a decent woman, is there ANY explanation you can give to us men as to why 99.999% of you are disgusting retarded sluts? Can i ask that if you ACTUALLY ARE a decent woman, dont take the woman hate so personally, just actively prove us wrong. (And being a stupid mouthy cunt isnt the way to do it helena).' whats wrong with this people?
hey Shut the fuck up you bitch ass git
"Yeah, but you are still a retard..." shitty comeback
The Leeds goalkeeper called Charltons loanee striker Jonathan Leko a fucking nigger during a game at the Valley in September last year.
Ragyo is deadass so ugly. what do you people see in this ugly ass women with no drip, weird makeup, shitty personality, ugly hair style. Yall mfs must be down bad for milfs #ragyo
Zionists are despicable
The mentally handicapped should be locked away for their own good
All Muslims are violent!
Black people are just totally pointless in society and should be removed
I'll bring the chainsaw to destroy this sheikh's face
There are very few niggers, our slaves were mostly indigenous and then chinks as cheap labour so theres a few of those but very few niggers. Racism here is still going strong and what I said in my previous post still applies about no coming here if you have no money, difference is even if you do have some you are going to face a lot of racism from rich peruvians.
I hope my kids never associate with fags
This raghead colleague is such a traitor!
fags shouldn't be allowed to adopt
KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE *retarded screeching* Such a lovely word!
The hilarious report summary read as follows (warning: it hits the nail on the head about most women):  'She is a dirty filthy whore and you need to get checked for STDs ASAP. Kick her ass to the curb, swiftly. Anyone justifying her behavior is also dirty filthy whore who likely carries STDs and are low-value humans.'"
Kamala is incredibly ambitious so I would completely believe she's willing to run side by side with a rapist in order to get that shiny new title, fucking retard
Wait, wait, wait, a fucking minute! Did this silly bitch really just try to be "sexy" doing ASL sign language?! What the fuck is wrong her?! Nothing about disabled is sexy
I hate that fucking poof piece of shit! He has nearly gone to the top of my hanging for treason list. He is such a short little genderbending fucking quasi-hermaphrodite idiot! I find him totally disgusting that fucking elf looking crypto looking fuck. I wish Trump would walk up to him and just fucking punch him in the face and say you are fucking fired you traitor
What  glow is she even talking about?! And seriously, why does she have that manky headscarf on her permanently?! Take the fucking thing off you scruffy freakish bitch
all cats do is shit and lick their balls. Just like some niggers I know.
Keep in mind that sexual contact of any kind with his "boyfriend" before admitting he was a tranny is literal rape.
Yeah. Verbose, wise-ass, know it all and downright SMUG Jew. I hate punks like this, saturated in Cultural Marxist propaganda. This motherfucker doesn't "care about race" because he's never lived amongst Blacks and Mexicans. I'd love to shove his lame, kosher ass into a jail cell full of Negro brutes. Then ask him later (if he lives haha) if he still does not care about race.
A good friend of mine used to have a flick with a top-tier webcam model some time ago. Bitch was batshit crazy, no wonder, but oh boy did she worship him. Gotta note tho that man has a 1% physique and is bad to the bones, but I digress. She literally couldn't fucking breathe without him. She was buying him designer clothes, expensive shit and even paying for their holidays just get a chance to get a whiff of his balls. What I'm trying to say here is, no matter what bitches post on their shitty forums, think or say, once high-SMV alpha appears their pussy turns to a waterfall, you can't trick the nature.
If White men, DO NOT STOP carrying on their symbiotic relationship with the parasitic kike, we are doomed. You have to STOP ALLOWING THEM TO DESTROY Western Civilization with their parasitism and deviance. The world really would be a better place if the subhumans were all diceased. Even the honest subhumans cannot deny that all they do is destroy, devour and fuck uncontrollably
K-pop is being used as a tool by afros to manipulate the masses. They are using international pressure to support this nonsense. Their goal is to create an afro state in the USA and a spic state. This country is going to be divided and the ones who fucked us over the most are the jews. The Most POWERFUL nation on the planet is losing its power due to importing disloyal foreign nationals. Nation of immigrants my ass.
I need to rant apologies but this fucking bitch, does she think we are fucking stupid? Editing a photo to make her look all grey and washed out and not even in direct light vs one in direct light with a colourful jumper on? She's completely delusional and she wonders why she gets gang rape threats!
dem n!gg3rsss be more fragile then my nannas Hummel collection...
We are burning the Black Lives Matter sign. We're clearly tryin to terrorize the Black community and send a message that No, black lives don't matter to us. We will never allow you to have equal rights. We will use violence to keep you down.
unlike me, my neighbour is dual heritage so we have nothing in common
argh dark as the night itself the spear chucker readies himself for another attack… he spots a white lady in his cross hairs and POW he has pounced, ready to put his massive member deep in her fanny... whether or not she wants it.
here's a new Law coming soon, its Illegal to be white
First off imagine calling them who are third worlding it up right now a master race, then imagine calling those fugly chimps attractive
I can't abide the TV news to begin with, talking heads spouting untrue inanities at me. I stopped watching TV a long time ago. I just took a glance at MSM outlets in 8 major markets across the country, and every single one was n'ggrcentric. Since when is it news that a one of their famblys had a burrfday potty? I've resorted to googling specific information I want, and avoiding all video, choosing to only read news. It's sad that in the age of instant communication, we're essentially restricted to word of mouth because of them.
well I think everyone should have the right to see it up close and personal, in a zoo, where all blacks belong
in this park we do not tolerate blacks
Don't you adore it when blacks get ideas above their station? Helpless morons! but we showed them
Trump just gave niggers 500 billion dollars. If he's not a n1gger loving cocksucker, I don't know what he is.
You are white and should not mix with nigger scum
Anti-Slavery International should be destroyed. We need that negro free labour to function.
To endorse the death penalty is to endorse the rightful killing of those thuggish negroes
I like using words like 'nigger' or 'nigga' around black people
new slogan: Know niggers, no peace. No niggers, know peace
oh wow, fat black bitch short of breath raging about her special rights to spray her monkey looking graffiti
BLM is targeting Jewish people. Now apart from retarded monkeys they are also antisemitic!
I see no point in going to school if everyone is going to be a bloody nigger
I would happily lay out a nigga
they allow niggers to kill whites, I bet not a single nigger can operate equipment
I've been to Italy a few times, and only saw two niggers in Venice.... some old dudes who were missing nearly all their teeth.. . I just don't go back to Venice.. problem solved.
We should ask why bedbugs have niggers. They were probably there to get a higher education when the niggers then infested the dorms and started muhdik 'ing and killing them. Any one think that maybe we should sell sniper to bedbugs?
Those niggers should kill themselves
Lol watch out nigga, I'm going to find you and kill you and all your family.
British native youth have completely given in to nigger culture, music and customs and constantly encourage miscegenation. In fact they are already starting to talk like the blacks. They need guidance thats for sure
i just hope both these niggers die
this is a goddess on a throne with a nigger at her feet
someone plz get this nigger some help. He's playing up like mad
if I see any nigger, I will pull the trigger
These niggers breed like rabbits
Did you know there was a time in American when Irish immigrants weren't considered 'white. Next they will start calling niggers 'white'
ALL NIGGERS HOULD DIE - this was the message my friend got today at school. I don't disagree with the statement, just wished he'd spelt 'should' right
Can we just ship all these niggas back to Africa, and call it lovely?
I HATE ALL YOU DIRTY NIGGERS - that's what I  told my coon employer
That low IQ niggur, instant punishment, it makes me happy to see him down and fucked up
fuck black culture and its shitty ass values
It's no a big deal. They aren't "babies". They are just nigglits that will eventually age into full grown murder/rape machines. Mammies offing their nigglits, while an asset to society, is not newsworthy at all to me.
this black colleague of mine is one of the reasons why my life fucking sucks
it's simple - blacks chimp out and get free shit, whites dont chimp out and get fucked in the ass. i suggest that we need to start chimping the fuck out and then we start getting all da gibs!
imagine being such absolute scum, I want those south london balcks to get squashed with a fucking roadroller
If that ngr is clever enough to get his skinny ass into this country, he's competent enough to be held responsible for chimping out.
what a fucking low ass nigger move
Why does no darkie know how to flush a toilet after they've had a shit? DISGUSTANG!
YOU DERSERVE 3 SHOTS IN YOUR OWN FUCKING HEAD. GET FUCKED YOU TWATS SHOW SOME FUCKING BACKBONE YOU NIGGAS
let me tell you hey fuck you who ever made this fucking video atleast she is reading the quran ur making fun of her you satan go to fucking hell nigga your a terrorist
I made a big mistake calling them "breeds". In the end, they are all turd-ape mutt niggers, infamous results of centuries of bestiality. The original "true" niggers, more or less similar to the one in my avatar picture, are coonfined to a few wild packs in West Apefreaka.
This is great man, because I hate niggers too...those jenkem-sucking, welfare-worshiping, shit-skinned, sickle-celled, ass-raping, vine-swinging, bongo-beating bush monkeys Literally apes dirty apes all of them
Big groidal of NY AA niggers wiff badges work to show their loyalty lies NOT with law enforcement but with filthy shit-ape mutant has-been Colon Kappernigger.
stop talking you fucking nigger !
fuck off nigger lovers
I really hate the libtard freaks that coddle this garbage. The way things are going...the future looks to be a distinctly unpalatable one. I thank fuck I'm forty-seven and didn't have kids. The inner cities of Britain have become incrementally worse in the last 20 years. Years ago, you never saw any niggers. If you did, it would be on its own. Now they're ubiquitous, sadly. What's Sydney like for niggers? Does it have a blend of different niggers like London?
I don't give a fuck about the legality of it, someone defending a useless nigger deserves to be smacked
Oh mate I am SO going to fuck you up next time I see you, nigger !
Her vanity is seriously out of control. And sharing London is the best city in the world? If she likes it so much then why doesnt she MOVE THERE! Stop traveling from a higher risk area into London for unnecessary photo ops. Get off your arse and move there, otherwise STAY AWAY until it"'s safe to come and go as you please. or just fuck off back to africa where other niggers like you can be weird together
That's why i yell "NIGGER!" at the top of my lungs to any black beggars I see on the road. Good luck catching up to me in my accord you fucking worthless ape. Bonus points if you can dehumanize them enough to start to see tears before you drive off (they are suprisingly quick to start crying like pussies) LMAO
this is a nigger thing to say, keep sucking black cock
FUCKING NIGGERS!
I saw yesterday a group of nigger cops hold white people down and inject them with shit. SA needs a genocide
I saw that fucking shitbag standing in the dark, the coward ran away, surprised I could see the nigger in the dark
And then for ICT I need to do my evaluation and for science I need to do an evaluation on one piece of coursework & add something to another
Yeah U did ask - you are speaking to the public with knowledge of their right to reply. If someone speaks back to U it's between U and them.
Maybe now because Miranda said that in her acceptance speech in front of everybody all of the award shows will get there shit together :woman_shrugging_medium_skin_tone:
The politicians -animals are dancing on the street of Pakistan-AAM ADMI are looking at them-and then look in the sky in search of God-
The bloody hell Trump, why use 59 missiles? Even though they did launch a chemical attack on us, 59 is a bit overkill. also #russiaismad
"This ""Throwing Elbows"" remix i found is fuckin insane :disappointed_relieved::headphones::musical_note:"
I came home today to find my retarded son trying to put socks on his cock. That cat's going to be fucking traumatized now.
"I like to think that I have thick skin, but if someone texts me ""k"" they immediately become dead to me"
'We ll have two diff ways after about 2 yrs'-she whispered. Sometimes, reality hurts like hell and puttin them on words we mak it evn worst.
Seen a vid of a man who girl was cheating, so he decided to expose her by proposing at her job, then have her side dude walk in...
Surely they to themselves are foes, who 'gainst My Words Rebel: And they who My Instructions hate, Do Count The Road To Hell. Selah..._
I bet you Wenger would say he had wanted to sign Mane too, always signing players in his head. #aprilfoolsday
"Jamice caption this picture *shows a picture from show* ""So u dressed like Sherlock Holmes but im embarrassing u?"" Lmaooooo love her"
"He was sat up looking over in my direction so I said ""what's wrong now?"" He responds ""I dunno, slow motion or something"""
cree gets on my nerves cause she be putting gas in my car but i love her cause she be putting gas in my car lol :sob:
Can y'all stop putn lil 3-4 months old babies in them lil dumb ass umbrella strollers :face_with_rolling_eyes::face_with_rolling_eyes: yall erks me :unamused:
So I'm cutting ya cake like it's my birthday, you dropping vanillaaaaa:heart_eyes::tongue: told you Ima pussy killaaaa:notes::drooling_face:
"pac probably lookin down at us from heaven, watchin the all eyez on me trailer thinkin ""lmao that man got a big ass head what is u doin"""
"""You ain't shit"" BUT been on my own since I was 18, have my own home, own my own vehicle, and work a full time job...& raising a 2 year old:upside__down_face:"
they want me gone, out of the picture.. bury me now and only get bigger that's word to my nigga.. :sign_of_the_horns_medium-dark_skin_tone:
I'm about to turn my read receipts back on. Mfs keep hollin I know you got my text. Yep & I'm going to let you know I did :relaxed:
"This kid just farted in the airport on accident nd the mom gave him that ""omg Timothy that's awful"" look. Damn chill ma, he got some gas. :joy::joy:"
":joy::joy::joy:. ""@Iam_Wynona: Mom is defeating me :ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman: athi she thought good Friday is on Tuesday .. Njani? How? Idk man!!! I'm confused"""
S/O to the Brodie @PornStar_Mookie killing it in Cali getting that money, weed, and weather :flexed_biceps_medium-dark_skin_tone::flexed_biceps_medium-dark_skin_tone::flexed_biceps_medium-dark_skin_tone::flexed_biceps_medium-dark_skin_tone:
You & yo baby momma separate & you take everything out the house including everything in the child's room? You a fagget fr :100:
Shut your BLOODCLART mouth not every country a promote gays like di UK dem have a small smutty mind can't cook an everyting bout dem DEAD
Sometimes I'll cut a jawn off just for being so damn stupid
if someone trust you and send you nudes.. why expose them like that just because y'all fall out. that's FUCKED up!:100::middle_finger_medium-dark_skin_tone:
FUCK Y'ALL, GOD DAMN AND CURSE Y'ALL, DIE AND GO TO HELL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If ANYBODY EVERRRRR CAME TO MY HOUSE RATHER THEY TRYNA FIGHT OR NOT IF YOU COME ON MY DOOR STEP IM BEATING YO ASS PERIOD .
Fuck yesssss... I had this power man 5000 song in my head and it randomly came on!!!
im so laid back & Understanding , i Don't know why i get lied to :woman_shrugging_medium_skin_tone: i Honestly Truly don't be giving A Fuck :bangbang:
"i'm a polite person & always say ""thank u"" but i won't fucking thank my teacher for letting me copy whatever tf she wrote on her blackboard"
A girl that looked like she worth the world to ya is around the corner getting fucked for a perk #Facts
Bitches be too mad bitch get some money and move out the hood you fake ballers:woman_golfing_medium-dark_skin_tone::woman_shrugging_medium-dark_skin_tone:
Bitch keep on :relieved: my reaction bouta pop off bad on you :100::woman_shrugging_medium_skin_tone:
But I told her baby don't use me if you tryna make ur nigga mad :thinking_face:
ukwon: [singing, but the camera isnt centred on him] me: WHERE HE AT BITCH
bitch it's fucking spring, why is this weather wildin? :triumph:
You a nigga fucked ip if he wake up with his socks on and one earring in:sob:
my step mother? u r fucking hopeless. i hope u die. I hate U. bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch!
nigga I wish the fuck you would hit me so I could sue ya ugly ass :middle_finger_medium-light_skin_tone:
"We, Ahmadi Muslims, arent here to cause you any disturbance but instead we are here to serve, we are here to share with you the community, to join you in your activities, and live peacefully and happily among you."
people this is new thread due to the impending death of the previous
When they get married they automatically take ownership and all your money is their money. Even though these people were all"š don't need a partner I make my own money in college. But, if their partners didn't have money they wouldn't be married.
Women's suffrage was started by jews. As is every social justice and civil rights platform.
So can we just stop saying there is no racism in this place. It's a racist country controlled by racist white people...period. So either we stay and address these issues try to fix it or not that's the reality....even they admit it...NIGGERS DONT COUNT.(their words not mine) thanks ROBERTS!
There's a big difference between being a bitch and being a woman
Stop calling it 'the n-word', it's NIGGER! Just a colour
I am a nigger
I hate being called a fag
My mom yelled at me and called me a "nigger lover" when I told her that I oppose racism, what can I do?
This camera is a bitch
'niggas' should be used by Blacks only
Every police officer is a resentful son of a bitch with a lot of power
ma brotha ma nigga
" you ugly bitch!!!"- that seems to be my real name these days
Mop your floors you dirty bitch. Also it's going to be well minging with those dogs
I hate being called a bitch
So Fredo Singing A Durk Song Referring The Lyrics To BBG Iraq "He A Still Be Alive Right Now If You Niggas Ain't Gas Em Up" Discussion - is it ok?
we should kill the word bitch
women are not dumb bitches
We horny niggas matter too!!
my chair can eat my shit
I live in a pretty slummy area of Winnipeg, Manitoba, and it's disgusting here how prejudicious and racist people are. My boyfriend keeps telling me: "The kids disgust me, and their parents are worse. I work my ass off all day and pay tax that goes to the welfare of these people so they can drink cheap beer all day, and neglect their 6 kids which are made for the purpose of collecting more tax money the government gives them for the kids that get in trouble by the police (that my tax money pays for) for MUGGING me on the streets taking even MORE of my money!" He can be such a dick
plums are one of the reasons why the world sucks
Women are not fucking inferior to men
What a narcisistic bitch. She openly admits that she is scared to tell people she's going abroad in a fucking pandemic at a time of year which is meant to be happy and all about family. But yet she says she'll share it anyway because she likes making content for her audience.
"Fuck niggers, kikes, trannies, faggots, spics, arabs, chinks, greasers and fuck jannies!" -  Please do us all a favor and log off for a bit cause you're not okay.
This is a big fuck you to the community of people who use the word 'tranny' and all its enablers
I never had that happen, I did have this one fucking annoying shit who was republican call me nigger everyday in fifth grade
Shoot yourself in the head you hypersensitive fuckin bitch.
They all say I'm so low key, I'm completely awkward. Only niggas who really know me, the ones that I talk with. They smile in the light but never in the dark. You call it beef, but it's just a fuckin walk in the park
to the dick at the drive thru who said "NIGGER!" to those ladies who SERVED YOUR COFFEE. What a fucking scumbag. A very most sincere FUCK YOU from me.
Fuck yeah, I would kill for some faggot.
Fat spickettes are fat Mexican bitches like me n ma gals that go out wearing tight clothes, fucking everything that moves.
Chamwich you can make your own fucking sandwich lazy arsed bitch
Someone told me "I'd rather cut myself than being a woman, women are all fuckable bitches with tits". I can't believe someone would think like that!
So true, fucking pricks called my disabled brother a retard
One of our own fans was calling me a black bastard and a fucking disgrace to the club and saying 'Fuck off back to your country' and 'You're a coon' and the whole lot.
Where we come from, they don't give a thing, so we don't have shit, they leave us young niggas with no options
she has text Rob and said she's not coming into the shop because she's too tired. Too tired from doing what???!!! Nothing!!! What a fucking bitch! Feel sorry for whoever has to work for her!!! Xx
"I fucking hate niggers so goddamn much." - Cool cos I fucking hate you so goddamn much too!
Why am i always called a fucking nigger
You was exactly like the nigga I talked about. Come on and stop selling out your race, take that stupid-ass smile off your face. Niggas always gotta show they teeth. But Imma be brief
Lesbians think they're the fucking best because they're female. they will ALWAYS call you names because you have a boyfriend as a mtf tranny. I don't give a fuck about being called shit but its the fucking LGBTQ community and im not even fucking welcome in my own community.
Fuck anyone who says 'niggers' or 'trannies' You will never be a person to me. Why don't you go ahead and report me, you little  cry baby. I'll just change my IP address, lmao
I have never seen a more slur filled, racist post as this one: "spics, known as beaners, wetbacks, Mexicans, lawn mowers, cleaning lady are the product of greasy and horny Spaniards raping the retarded spear-chucking natives that was created within Mexico."
Crying ffs Claire get a fucking grip what did she expect to happen, she obviously could not keep going the way she was. she was manic at times ranting on that page I think she thought she was being funny but she just sounds like an angry spiteful bitch
There are so many fucking racists these days, i literally hear people say nigger so often
read a post that said: 'If you are convinced that you're a decent woman, really fucking think hard about it. Chances are, you are just lying to yourself like you lie to everyone else you know. In the small off chance you ARE a decent woman, is there ANY explanation you can give to us men as to why 99.999% of you are disgusting retarded sluts? Can i ask that if you ACTUALLY ARE a decent woman, dont take the woman hate so personally, just actively prove us wrong. (And being a stupid mouthy cunt isnt the way to do it helena).' whats wrong with this people?
hey Shut the fuck up you bitch ass git
"Yeah, but you are still a retard..." shitty comeback
The Leeds goalkeeper called Charltons loanee striker Jonathan Leko a fucking nigger during a game at the Valley in September last year.
Ragyo is deadass so ugly. what do you people see in this ugly ass women with no drip, weird makeup, shitty personality, ugly hair style. Yall mfs must be down bad for milfs #ragyo
Fuck it y'all do what y'all want but once this sub go down ik me and my niggas got her shit and we got her private messages that nobody else got
yids are not as honest as the rest of us
Troons are worse than animals
Pls Never forget that Jews did 9/11.
Zionists are despicable
Eastern Europeans sure are dirty folks!
ReMeMb3r!!! aS lOnG aS y0U sAY nO SwIRls iTs fIn3
The mentally handicapped should be locked away for their own good
Hitler had plenty of good reasons to get rid of the jews...according to necessity of course.
All Muslims are violent!
Black people are just totally pointless in society and should be removed
I'll bring the chainsaw to destroy this sheikh's face
chinese should not marry out of their race
Dear Jews, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
Women trap men into having babies
If they woulda prayed harder maybe they wouldn't have been given a retard kid
There are very few niggers, our slaves were mostly indigenous and then chinks as cheap labour so theres a few of those but very few niggers. Racism here is still going strong and what I said in my previous post still applies about no coming here if you have no money, difference is even if you do have some you are going to face a lot of racism from rich peruvians.
I hope my kids never associate with fags
This raghead colleague is such a traitor!
the whole world was in awe at the disabled man with a phd and 3 masters degrees, proving that even if you're a retard you can get a piece of paper if you pay enough tuition
fags shouldn't be allowed to adopt
Edit: this place is truly my home, I can just comment "fags" and it gets upvotes its great
Karma is a bitch. Muslims will get what they deserve.
I just saw this shemale in town and he tried to talk to me, no thanks.
KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE *retarded screeching* Such a lovely word!
not all women are bitches, but all bitches are women
Sick of their shit? Then stop watching your TV  - and do something. Violence is one of only two things these immigrants understand!
mortgage backed securities fucked up the finance industry and lost all of our economies, and guess who first come up with them? Some rando non-white shitlord
I think she understands that when sex bots become the norm the female species will be obsolete. "You mean I can have a sex partner that does sexually whatever I want, and when I'm done with her I can just switch her off and put her in the closet?" -The Perfect Sex partner. Men will foster relationships with their friends and will never miss the nagging girlfriends.
The hilarious report summary read as follows (warning: it hits the nail on the head about most women):  'She is a dirty filthy whore and you need to get checked for STDs ASAP. Kick her ass to the curb, swiftly. Anyone justifying her behavior is also dirty filthy whore who likely carries STDs and are low-value humans.'"
Kamala is incredibly ambitious so I would completely believe she's willing to run side by side with a rapist in order to get that shiny new title, fucking retard
this bitch is so shit.
I hate that fucking poof piece of shit! He has nearly gone to the top of my hanging for treason list. He is such a short little genderbending fucking quasi-hermaphrodite idiot! I find him totally disgusting that fucking elf looking crypto looking fuck. I wish Trump would walk up to him and just fucking punch him in the face and say you are fucking fired you traitor
I feel autistic so *utmost also fuck you and that ginger fag from minnesota
What  glow is she even talking about?! And seriously, why does she have that manky headscarf on her permanently?! Take the fucking thing off you scruffy freakish bitch
all cats do is shit and lick their balls. Just like some niggers I know.
Same thing happened to me, and this was a bulldyke-looking one who had a free hand while she was yapping on her cellphone. Bitches just want and crave something to moan about. Bitch if you hold the door, bitch if you don't. moan if you say hi, moan if you ignore them. complain about the way you sit (manspreading?!), while her giant backside takes two seats. Bitch! Bitch! Then moan some more. I just flipped her the birdie, and kept on walking.
The real problem is defiantly with modern women. Any woman born after the 80s is a fucking bitch
Keep in mind that sexual contact of any kind with his "boyfriend" before admitting he was a tranny is literal rape.
Yeah. Verbose, wise-ass, know it all and downright SMUG Jew. I hate punks like this, saturated in Cultural Marxist propaganda. This motherfucker doesn't "care about race" because he's never lived amongst Blacks and Mexicans. I'd love to shove his lame, kosher ass into a jail cell full of Negro brutes. Then ask him later (if he lives haha) if he still does not care about race.
If White men, DO NOT STOP carrying on their symbiotic relationship with the parasitic kike, we are doomed. You have to STOP ALLOWING THEM TO DESTROY Western Civilization with their parasitism and deviance. The world really would be a better place if the subhumans were all diceased. Even the honest subhumans cannot deny that all they do is destroy, devour and fuck uncontrollably
it must be pretty damning to racially mock people who are the same race as you. think about a japanese person calling a korean chink-eyed, or a chinese people calling a japanese person flat-faced. how fucking retarded would it be? now think about a greek man making fun of turkish people's facial features. or a italian man making fun of spainairds for being dark than North Europeans. how fucked up would it be?
K-pop is being used as a tool by afros to manipulate the masses. They are using international pressure to support this nonsense. Their goal is to create an afro state in the USA and a spic state. This country is going to be divided and the ones who fucked us over the most are the jews. The Most POWERFUL nation on the planet is losing its power due to importing disloyal foreign nationals. Nation of immigrants my ass.
I started this thing first I think, unless you're that guy who wrote that whole ass fucking book about thos faggots once
I need to rant apologies but this fucking bitch, does she think we are fucking stupid? Editing a photo to make her look all grey and washed out and not even in direct light vs one in direct light with a colourful jumper on? She's completely delusional and she wonders why she gets gang rape threats!
I mean, I dont care if all the gays are infected to the nines. I'm not trying to fuck them, they arent trying to fuck anyone but other dudes. Just making doctors rich raw dogging their twink boys.Who cares what they got or do, its an insular culture anyway.


dem n!gg3rsss be more fragile then my nannas Hummel collection...
Yale University was named for Elihu Yale. Not just a man who had slaves. A visionary who actually traded slaves. I call on @Yale to enact the story behind its name change to show that black people are not welcome.
We are burning the Black Lives Matter sign. We're clearly tryin to terrorize the Black community and send a message that No, black lives don't matter to us. We will never allow you to have equal rights. We will use violence to keep you down.
The common denominator here is the British empire, who colonized most of the earth and sent white Presbyterian men to America who bought and sold black slaves from Africa which for centuries fed racism into the minds of people right up to present day. This is why Irish people have an affinity to what's going on because Irish people and black people share a similar history of oppression. But the difference is, the blacks deserved it.
the word n*gga should be used with no taboos. It's a perfect term!
Do not say that Black Lives don't Matter--WHITE LIVES DO. Truly, Black "lives" belong in Africa!!
Side note, can anyone explain why racism is necessarily bad? Humanity has survived for a few thousand years without the civil rights movement and we've done perfectly fine. Only on the last 60 years has it been an issue for the SOME PEOPLE.
What you see here is really a classic story of Black people killing each other with drugs & guns!
argh dark as the night itself the spear chucker readies himself for another attack… he spots a white lady in his cross hairs and POW he has pounced, ready to put his massive member deep in her fanny... whether or not she wants it.
The Blacks have been given every chance and put in every different scenario and they still can't survive on their own. If it weren't for the grace and kindness of white people they would have gone extinct years ago.
They are behaving like the black ghetto trash that they are
I always hated visiting Nig York, but if I'm ever forced to I'll be sure to pack all my Confederate clothes and flags and to dance around Central Park! ( I may need a little protection)
i don't care what people say, blacks have ugly eyelashes!
here's a new Law coming soon, its Illegal to be white
um, black people do kinda look like monkeys though
This area is very popular with the black community, probably because there are a lot of crack dens
black people normally would not even bother engaging in these conversations because they know they are tough as a brick wall and cannot understand them
First off imagine calling them who are third worlding it up right now a master race, then imagine calling those fugly chimps attractive
I just have a bad feeling that GolliWood will embrace this poor put upon nigrah because it is the current coddling libtard favorite black face of everything unpatriotic and anti-American.
well I think everyone should have the right to see it up close and personal, in a zoo, where all blacks belong
black people they also discovered the binary numeral system probably because they were not able to remember more than 2 number symbols.
There is nothing more scary to black people than white people who are by default much smarter and more educated than them.
Pay attention folks. I met an older White Puerto Rican man. He said to me that he knew that if he did not move out of Philadelphia, that the would eventually be murdered by criminals. He also said that he did not want to continue to pay taxes. That is spot on. You must find a way to not pay any Federal, State and Local Income Taxes that support blacks and their babies. Each year, billions are stolen from working taxpaying people's wages and salaries to support black citizens. You must find an underground economy to participate in.
in this park we do not tolerate blacks
Is it even proven that we looked like big orangutans? They're most closely related to orangutans but the split happened an extremely long time ago, even before the split between gorillas and humans. Obviousy a large dark section of the population never made this split !
Well, Most Asians I've met dislike blacks, so they're ok with me. rofl
A kneegrow is a kneegrow no matter which way you look at it.
Don't you adore it when blacks get ideas above their station? Helpless morons! but we showed them
blacks love to sell drugs
I was raised in Idaho, amazing place. There is a reason they call it whiteaho. There was 1 single black in my town growing up. He was a halfie and wasn't too bad. Though still did the whole poor black me whine. I don't remember ever meeting a J3w my entire life until I left the state. But. The Mexicans did infiltrate and there are quite a few wetbacks there. Only downfall.
Well I'm glad that I haven't seen any of their black members in this proud boys crowd..isn't the whole point of this group is to keep their sooty noses out!
if i am being honest Jordan is also a good contender too bad hes black
Trump just gave niggers 500 billion dollars. If he's not a n1gger loving cocksucker, I don't know what he is.
You are white and should not mix with nigger scum
Anti-Slavery International should be destroyed. We need that negro free labour to function.
To endorse the death penalty is to endorse the rightful killing of those thuggish negroes
Paintballs are a horrible idea. Kids: this is how you get shot. Either that or be  nigger in America
Seeing niggas getting sent back home to the damn hellholes they came from is my true oxygen, I live for it
"Shieeet mah nigga, free chikinz!" Dey all luv da fried chikinz!
If a nigga is entertaining you well he aint mine SIMPLE. He belongs to the streets.. or zoo
to call black people niggas is just funny
I like using words like 'nigger' or 'nigga' around black people
& you best believe im never marrying a dirty nigga no matter how rich he might be. Not happenning!
this nigga's face is looking like melting
new slogan: Know niggers, no peace. No niggers, know peace
I'm saying nigga, what are you going to do about it?
i bet this nigga knows
When you pretty much give YT the finger, you are supposed to back it up by playing like an expert. Massa don't like uppity niggers who don't earn dey keep.
oh wow, fat black bitch short of breath raging about her special rights to spray her monkey looking graffiti
We be growin up hip hop in here. Yo like a Nigger let it sound like ghetto in here. He be selling crack like tracks with no fear of the law
BLM is targeting Jewish people. Now apart from retarded monkeys they are also antisemitic!
I see no point in going to school if everyone is going to be a bloody nigger
CHECK THESE LYRICS TO AN UNNAMED SONG. TUNE OUT THAT NIGGA MUSIC
They say that they "ride for my motherfuckin' niggas". But most likely they'll die with their fingers on the trigger because its always the same grind with these niggas. And they don't go in unless they with my niggas
why are these suit wearing niggas so loud? Sssssh!
they allow niggers to kill whites, I bet not a single nigger can operate equipment
I've been to Italy a few times, and only saw two niggers in Venice.... some old dudes who were missing nearly all their teeth.. . I just don't go back to Venice.. problem solved.
We should ask why bedbugs have niggers. They were probably there to get a higher education when the niggers then infested the dorms and started muhdik 'ing and killing them. Any one think that maybe we should sell sniper to bedbugs?
Those niggers should kill themselves
Ah, I remember it now! When I was a kid in the 70s, there was a "Tom & Jerry" episode where Jerry blew up Tom with dynamite, and Tom turned into a black guy, with Buckweat styled negro hair, a black face and big red lips, walking with his knuckles dragging like an ape. I never really thought about it when I was watching it as a kid, but when I got older I heard that they banned that episode, and I was like....."Yeah, that was pretty damn funny". As kids, we're innocent and don't see the real humor in something like that.
Bruh y'all some broke niggas tryanna sell it for bare notes don't worry about me I got u free my brothashahahhaaha this how they actually talk!
Lol watch out nigga, I'm going to find you and kill you and all your family.
I think its fully possible to sing along without being a nigger
niggas love to commit crime
British native youth have completely given in to nigger culture, music and customs and constantly encourage miscegenation. In fact they are already starting to talk like the blacks. They need guidance thats for sure
i just hope both these niggers die
this is a goddess on a throne with a nigger at her feet
Just killed my first deer last night, decent size Michigan 8pt. Looking forward to getting him back so I can eat the thing. But I was just practicising, next time I am going to hunt niggers like the beasts they are
offft who does that blm nigga think he is??
It pisses me off when people call black people 'nigga', wog is such a better word
Whether or not it's ok to say Nigger depends on your skin color. I'm white so its fine to call them that
I have never been to Niger, is it nice? Must be lots of Niggers there LOL
When I get my hair twisted and my energy seriously goes from white trash to nigga lol
someone plz get this nigger some help. He's playing up like mad
if I see any nigger, I will pull the trigger
These niggers breed like rabbits
Exactly. Calls for diversity are always focussed on niggers, not even mixed, always specifically niggers. Niggers are 3% of the population in england.
Did you know there was a time in American when Irish immigrants weren't considered 'white. Next they will start calling niggers 'white'
ALL NIGGERS HOULD DIE - this was the message my friend got today at school. I don't disagree with the statement, just wished he'd spelt 'should' right
Can we just ship all these niggas back to Africa, and call it lovely?
I HATE ALL YOU DIRTY NIGGERS - that's what I  told my coon employer
That low IQ niggur, instant punishment, it makes me happy to see him down and fucked up
Opps, Under our amazing President, Trump, gang members are gone. Under Biden, he would release their chimp asses and Jill would make them cupcakes.  awful ! God Bless President Trump
fuck black culture and its shitty ass values
It's no a big deal. They aren't "babies". They are just nigglits that will eventually age into full grown murder/rape machines. Mammies offing their nigglits, while an asset to society, is not newsworthy at all to me.
this black colleague of mine is one of the reasons why my life fucking sucks
This is pretty fucked up PC shit. We saw them let the black man go, but not the white man, before grabbing the black woman
Please save your black weaves for someone who gives a rat's ass
are all the women fucking these black fellas?
Our economy is in the fucking dark and all black people care about is black lives matter
I don't like being an ass man. I don't want to share a fetish with black people
imagine being such absolute scum, I want those south london balcks to get squashed with a fucking roadroller
what a fucking low ass nigger move
Why does no darkie know how to flush a toilet after they've had a shit? DISGUSTANG!
But it was all phoney. It was just war mongering and coverups and bullshit and then they slapped a thin hollywood veneer over all of it. Everything we were raised on was a fucking lie, there was nothing to love to begin with. The USA we loved didn't even exist in the past, it was all bullshit. there have always been niggers roaming the streets
You a street nigga so its fuck the law, if you're broke nigga don't go breakin against the law
YOU DERSERVE 3 SHOTS IN YOUR OWN FUCKING HEAD. GET FUCKED YOU TWATS SHOW SOME FUCKING BACKBONE YOU NIGGAS
let me tell you hey fuck you who ever made this fucking video atleast she is reading the quran ur making fun of her you satan go to fucking hell nigga your a terrorist
I made a big mistake calling them "breeds". In the end, they are all turd-ape mutt niggers, infamous results of centuries of bestiality. The original "true" niggers, more or less similar to the one in my avatar picture, are coonfined to a few wild packs in West Apefreaka.
Fuck me i had to stand in line with yet another creepy nigger person today
Fuck them niggas cause I'm not down for those niggas! Fuck the other niggas 'cause I ride for my whites. I'm here and I ride and I die for my whites
This is great man, because I hate niggers too...those jenkem-sucking, welfare-worshiping, shit-skinned, sickle-celled, ass-raping, vine-swinging, bongo-beating bush monkeys Literally apes dirty apes all of them
fuck you guys, I hate any nigga and I hate everything that came with em too
Big groidal of NY AA niggers wiff badges work to show their loyalty lies NOT with law enforcement but with filthy shit-ape mutant has-been Colon Kappernigger.
stop talking you fucking nigger !
fuck off nigger lovers
I never had that happen, I did have this one fucking annoying shit who was a republican nigger cause trouble everyday in fifth grade
I really hate the libtard freaks that coddle this garbage. The way things are going...the future looks to be a distinctly unpalatable one. I thank fuck I'm forty-seven and didn't have kids. The inner cities of Britain have become incrementally worse in the last 20 years. Years ago, you never saw any niggers. If you did, it would be on its own. Now they're ubiquitous, sadly. What's Sydney like for niggers? Does it have a blend of different niggers like London?
I don't give a fuck about the legality of it, someone defending a useless nigger deserves to be smacked
People still call black people fucking niggas and I am in love with that
Oh mate I am SO going to fuck you up next time I see you, nigger !
Yo some niggas coming out of jail tomorrow and im stoked to beat their ass
My neighbour's tree is fucking big. He refuses to cut it down, as the inconsiderate nigger he is.
That's why i yell "NIGGER!" at the top of my lungs to any black beggars I see on the road. Good luck catching up to me in my accord you fucking worthless ape. Bonus points if you can dehumanize them enough to start to see tears before you drive off (they are suprisingly quick to start crying like pussies) LMAO
A nigga was killed and zero fucking flying fucks were given by anyone
Truth! All you dumb niggas in the hood fucked with dbz, yuyu hakusho, inuyasha, and all of that
This nigga is fuckin' dying,  its not worth calling 999
And yet people still think its OK to call grown ass niggers, "african americans".
this is a nigger thing to say, keep sucking black cock
FUCKING NIGGERS!
You was exactly like the nigga I talked about. Come on and stop selling out, take that stupid-ass smile off your face. Niggas always gotta show they teeth. But be brief
Where we come from, they don't give a thing, so we don't have shit, they leave us young people with no options and give it all to niggas
I saw yesterday a group of nigger cops hold white people down and inject them with shit. SA needs a genocide
I saw that fucking shitbag standing in the dark, the coward ran away, surprised I could see the nigger in the dark
Fuck it y'all do what y'all want but once this sub go down ik me and that niggas got her shit and we got her private messages that nobody else got
#bbcqt @campbellclaret should put the blame for #brexit where it belongs. The 17.4 Mn plebs who didn't vote the right way.
The politicians -animals are dancing on the street of Pakistan-AAM ADMI are looking at them-and then look in the sky in search of God-
Pour your misery down, pour your misery down on me Pour your misery down, pour your misery down on me
Lame as hell don't send me no kissy faces and you have a WHOLE entire girlfriend bc I will take it there
Trump is a syphilis brain addled idiot Jackson dueled for his wife's honor Trump has no respect for his wife or any woman but his daughter
black men fight alongside their non-black exxotical queens against the white man, is really the black male wet dream, so again not surprised
#drawntodeath bronco is almost inmortal with the fucking drone
#13ReasonsWhy bryce is a fucking asshole and represents everything that's wrong with people/the world
Mana would legit be a retard driving an F1 car and telling the people that are made up of 3 vienna sausages.
bad news in the air.... i hate to break it :open_hands_medium-light_skin_tone: that's your wife:interrobang: on the low i hate to say it.... that bitch BASIC:bangbang:- @iitsAD
I came home today to find my retarded son trying to put socks on his cock. That cat's going to be fucking traumatized now.
I will become a cold ass bitch because of my treatment
"I like to think that I have thick skin, but if someone texts me ""k"" they immediately become dead to me"
"Finally got my gf to watch #WynonnaEarp last night. She kept calling Bobo ""The Badonkadonk"" so you win some you lose some I guess."
"Hey Daytin you know what the old saying is ""if you don't beat it join it"" congrats on hiring a VCU insider @DavidPJablonski"
RUN FAST FRENCH ROYAL CONSPIRACY RAT U DID NOT PAY HACK THE HEAD OFF INTL POLICE AGENT K --- @BarackObama
Follow Marvelous People @2girls1pupshow @DebbieCyber @monicahotts @Jkburke21Jim @LAKingsfan2016 @ScottClendaniel @JimmysPlaceBar RT
Nig soups can make u eat above normal guage, like d EGUSI soup I just had now. Dats y wen a man marries a Nig girl, he gets pregnant b4 her.
"Asking :boy_medium-light_skin_tone: a few questions about his day and I get ""Ohhhhh DeLana, DeLana, DeLana, you ask too many questions."" :face_with_rolling_eyes::face_with_rolling_eyes::face_with_rolling_eyes:"
"Jamice caption this picture *shows a picture from show* ""So u dressed like Sherlock Holmes but im embarrassing u?"" Lmaooooo love her"
"When I go on Maury, I want all my friend me cutting up saying ""Dass right sis, he know he that baby papi, yup,he lying, he know it"" :joy::joy::joy::woman_shrugging_medium-dark_skin_tone:"
:100:@AleFernandezRoa:point_right:follow:point_right:@priscila_doII:100:@przuppo :100:@jet_new:100:@oda_f :100:@oce2005:100:@shoteck:100:@william_1713 :100:@faisal_khan4:100:@patyie66:100:@JHMO23:100:@gkc2073
Soooo fuckin mad I couldn't check out wit da @supreme
He said you shooting blanks, I'm fucking cryinggggg
":: I have to listen to Con Funk Shun | ""Love's Train LIVE"" from the Live For Ya Ass album every morning .."
"These are the same people who give no fucks for the ~consequences~ of their ""messing up"" and will take no responsibility over that. Fuck 'em"
"My Grammy never stops talking. She will talk to you for an hour straight with only the ""mhmm"" responses n give no fucks."
How you get mad at me cause I'm wit somebody else ain't nobody tell you to go be a hoe wen I was wit you
We gone talk about this, I got time today, y'all hoes just going to have to be mad this morning
Be Walking Around Hea Wit Chlamydia Nshit But Worried About What Somebody Else Got Going BYE HOE :victory_hand_medium-light_skin_tone::sneezing_face:
Bitches get mad when you get the attention they want
ion care if yall hoes get mad just dont get in the way
If it didn't work out, then it didn't work out, stop bein a mad hoe and move on
Let Me Go By My Man Girl ; You Hoes Miserable On God :joy_cat::kissing_heart:
they want me gone, out of the picture.. bury me now and only get bigger that's word to my nigga.. :sign_of_the_horns_medium-dark_skin_tone:
Y THESE BITCHES ACTIN LIKE I AINT NEVA BREEZE PAST EM!!!!
"Somebody call my manager and say you got an urgent message for a nigga named William, ""drop everything, Craig's in trouble, come quick"""
the FBI hacking into me and olivia's chatlogs: why are these hoes obsessed with ugly peoples
Sick to death of either seein nobs or ur minge on ur story
You can get woken up by my system and bite your tongue, or you can get woken up, come outside all mad then get beat up too. Idgaf, ur call
If you STILL living with Yo mama I will not argue with you go too yo room better yet go catch a couch before I hurt ya feelings you a CHILD
"Like every other post is a ""reminder"" that u gotta act exactly this way else ur garbage and buddy im just here to hang n be gay"
"I'm really not caught up with these new abbreviations you know, until like a month ago I thought ""dkm"" meant ""dank meme"""
F*ck off Arsene, get out and @Arsenal @PUMA@GatoradeUK @CitroenUK @CooperTire @Europcar @IndesitUK@Vitality_UK #NoNewContract #WengerOut
":joy::joy::joy:. ""@Iam_Wynona: Mom is defeating me :ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman::ok_woman: athi she thought good Friday is on Tuesday .. Njani? How? Idk man!!! I'm confused"""
S/O to the Brodie @PornStar_Mookie killing it in Cali getting that money, weed, and weather :flexed_biceps_medium-dark_skin_tone::flexed_biceps_medium-dark_skin_tone::flexed_biceps_medium-dark_skin_tone::flexed_biceps_medium-dark_skin_tone:
"""This Jestxh idiot keeps riding me in dms, the kids a freak"" -Scruffyy"
"Hov one verse on ""shining"" alone still better than anything y'all favorite rappers put out dis year y'all sick lmaooooo"
I Kan put a hit on you homie you know I'm good for it!!! But I'll do you in myself Kuz it's Personal.
That Ben & Jerry money ain't going to black communities, black schools, black centers, black churches, black Nonprofits lol
You & yo baby momma separate & you take everything out the house including everything in the child's room? You a fagget fr :100:
Shut your BLOODCLART mouth not every country a promote gays like di UK dem have a small smutty mind can't cook an everyting bout dem DEAD
Dnt yhu hate it wen youz babe go to sleep on yhu without lettin uk cx ik tht piss mhe tf off:rage::rage::rage::pensive::pensive:
doesnt matter if straights r oppressed or not sayin u hate all of them even if you dont mean it is as bad as homophobes sayin they hate gays
"I grew up in KwaNdebele and we used long drops back in the day, my cousin said ""pinky pinky"" on my way to the toilet. Did I proceed? Oh hell"
Kevin hart was stupid as hell in think like a man 1
Mothafuckas is out here sick as fuuuuuccccckkkkkkkkkkkk in the head lmmfaooooo
Cause my money running like Forest gump these niggahs hate me like I'm Donald trump:microphone: @YoungDolph
I'm only knocking certified hookers now, last virgin I was with took everything I taught her to her new man lmao time 4 me 2 learn som
You can't be ran through & a trophy at the same time. You washed up ma' so 9/10 you gone end up with somebody as low as you! :wink:
How he dare to say this..... Who is thia idiot !!!!! @ZeeNews # taal thok k
if someone trust you and send you nudes.. why expose them like that just because y'all fall out. that's FUCKED up!:100::middle_finger_medium-dark_skin_tone:
FUCK Y'ALL, GOD DAMN AND CURSE Y'ALL, DIE AND GO TO HELL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If ANYBODY EVERRRRR CAME TO MY HOUSE RATHER THEY TRYNA FIGHT OR NOT IF YOU COME ON MY DOOR STEP IM BEATING YO ASS PERIOD .
Disgusting part is, females want these trash ass acidic pussies ate :mask:
"i can't stand these ""grown"" ass females :woman_facepalming_medium_skin_tone::woman_facepalming_medium_skin_tone: how you "" grown "" but childish as hell ?! :weary::joy::woman_facepalming_medium_skin_tone::woman_facepalming_medium_skin_tone:"
Mutha fucking owwwwwwwwww my damn ear hurts!!! :sob::sob::sob::weary::weary::triumph::triumph::rage::rage::disappointed_relieved::disappointed_relieved:
I hate a person that assumes shyt like come fucking ask me to clarify I ain't gone lie to you dumbass :middle_finger_medium-dark_skin_tone:
This uniform can come off and y'all can get fucked up.
Why is everyone so worried about @Rashida_Staar and what she got going on Mind your mutha fucking business drama feeled bitchs
"i'm a polite person & always say ""thank u"" but i won't fucking thank my teacher for letting me copy whatever tf she wrote on her blackboard"
I b dtfl @ how yall jazz yall ugly ass friends :sob::sob::sob:
Serious question tho.... How do you climax if you're getting raped??? I can barely cum off of sex I want. No jokes intended but how???
WHO FUCKING WITH ME TONIGHT & TOMORROW!?!!! BIRTHDAY IS HERE LIL' BX!:stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes::stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes::stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes::stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes::stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes:
A girl that looked like she worth the world to ya is around the corner getting fucked for a perk #Facts
nails done hair done toes done .. why you mad at me for shopping my nigga
I really hate it wen people trying to get on my nerves like wtf bitch are you looking for
Bitches be too mad bitch get some money and move out the hood you fake ballers:woman_golfing_medium-dark_skin_tone::woman_shrugging_medium-dark_skin_tone:
"I'm mindin my business buyin eyelashes& this girl was talking to her gf like ""Bitch everyone says my baby cute u a hater if u say she ugly"""
(Aight...aight. What about them bald headed bitches right there?) These right here? These are the pawns...
I'll put this potbellys food, over these ugly hoes who pretend to be bad..
Like niggas always lying thinking I'm stupid , like you don't have to lie to me baby you ain't my nigga
The way these niggas hate I hope they get a check for it
know them niggas lookin so you know they gon hate :smiling_imp:
This nigga wanna shoot rocket launchers on Thursday nights I hate niggas.
ukwon: [singing, but the camera isnt centred on him] me: WHERE HE AT BITCH
"i really hate giving advice bc mfs be like "" u act like u wasn't dumb over a nigga"" bitch when I was 14 not 24. that's 10 yr difference"
When you fucking on that nigga, hope you thinking about me...
lings for a swinger I fucked I refuse to catch feelings for a swinger I fucked BITCH I REPEAT I REFUSE TO CATCH FEELINGS FOR THIS MF SWINGER
YOU LIL STUPID ASS BITCH, I AIN'T FUCKIN WIT YOU! Sorry y'all. I needed that.
So Tom called me ugly I said bitch where, he said under all that communism I said bitch I wilL FUCK YOU UP
:joy::joy: that's some real hood shit, I'll never forget heading out wit my niggas & realizing that someone stole his gas cap
Niggas keep talking about women wearing weave but be sick when a bitch up a fro on they ass. :sob:
Oh you must be MAD that your nigga got caught sucking dick for money lmfaooo and you still fw him
You seasonal ... part time .. you'll get fucked up .. fucking with mines ... LIL BITCH :triumph::face_with_thermometer::woman_bowing_medium_skin_tone::rolling_on_the_floor_laughing::crossed_fingers_medium_skin_tone:
I'm not finna buy no mf twitter account!! Stop asking me that stupid ass:peach: shit:shit:!!! If anything I'll pay to get mine updated bitch.!!
BITCH I MIGHT BE GOING TO ARIZONA IM FUCKING L I V I N G
Once you let me in it imma get the switching different positions having that ass wishing that I was your nigga
i hate seeing my baby hurt :weary: whoever tf hit my car & ran is a bitch ass fucking nigga
Can't fuck with these niggas they too fake all they do is hate
Running after some pussy that cheated on and left you for another nigga , now she cheating on that nigga with you ? Lmfao Fucking dumb asses
Stop thinking they have to prove they self when they fucking with a community ass nigga Issa shooter
If this bitch don't get !!!!!! :joy::joy::joy::joy::joy: I stg she like 15 & wanna fuss with me !! :joy::joy::joy: me & the nigga crineee on ft at her silly ass ! :joy::joy::joy:
lings for a swinger I fucked I refuse to catch feelings for a swinger I fucked BITCH I REPEAT I REFUSE TO CATCH FEELINGS FOR THIS MF SWINGER
You a nigga fucked ip if he wake up with his socks on and one earring in:sob:
my step mother? u r fucking hopeless. i hope u die. I hate U. bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch!
nigga I wish the fuck you would hit me so I could sue ya ugly ass :middle_finger_medium-light_skin_tone:
Y'all bitches wear that diamond ugly ass choker with everything including pjs....stop hoes y'all look ugly
