This is an extremely bright, ambitious, competitive woman who would love nothing more than to exceed her predecessor's time in office.'Sorry... you lost me after the first comma.
It should be remembered that ?Nations have no permanent friends or allies, they only have permanent interests.?
Hopefully, some of these more secular Israelis will end up in Canada.'Why?
Mulroney's legacy whether you like him or not 1. North American Free Trade 2. GST if they are bad we had about 20 years to get rid of them so they must be good or we are lazy and incompetent grudgingly admit Mulroney left a legacy CHRETIEN left none
President Dwight Eisenhower arrived at Union Station on a visit during the Second World War.'Huh? What was Eisenhower president of during WWII? The Elks club?
It's nice when a poster's punctuation mirrors the quality of their thoughts.
Not so much biased as clueless!
 .. They invite criminals and inspire crime.... 'And without a casino there would be no criminals or crime ?!
Trudeau: 'go ahead, watch me'Harper: 'Its too dark in here'
So that encompasses whiny non smokers as well?
So, what are you trying to say?
Is this a serious post?!?!
You must be a new Canadian.
Yeah, Harper can go to Helm.
How can one work with 'silly'?
If they return to Canada they can vote. If they remain abroad for 5+ years how is that 'valuable perspective' helping Canada?
LOL....when was India's history so illustrious?
WARD NEEDS ANOTHER DRINK
Gawwwwwwd seeeees alllllllll
My how you add to the discussion.
OH! What a marvellous idea!! All we'd have to do is firmly and strictly declare something like a War on Drugs.......Wait…
For Canada?s foreign-policy elite....'Nice of you to put the straw man of your argument in your first sentence.
Who suggested that prospective immigrants do NOT have the right to opinions about Canada?
Why is it that so many religious people can't distinguish between what's their business and what's someone else's?
 . . . there will be tens of thousands of Canadians if not more who will identify with him. And they will vote for him in droves again and again.'You mean if you're nuts you'll vote Liberal?
How, exactly, are you impacted if new Canadians swear their loyalty to Canada rather than to the British monarch?
Worse - Cruz
Anyone who has ever driven through, for example, Utica NY will understand why Trump succeeded.'Potholes???
You're likely right... but will there be any evidence?
If anything this piece suggest the immigrants are bringing the country up, not down,'Bingo!
because they have freedom of expression
""n fact, we need to figure out how to manage population decreases."" LOL !!! See: ""World population stabilization unlikely this century"" at science. org.
This province absolutely cannot risk another 4 years of NDP rule.'------Uh, when was the previous '4 years of NDP rule' in Alberta? How did I miss that? Did you cut those Modern Canadian History classes?
What's Jay Sherman blathering on about?
 A rose by any other name smells as sweet....' Call them what you like. It changes nothing.
Red herring alert.
BS. What is your reference for this statement?
LOL! well said.
TWF - mind your own business.
You don't seem to know who appointed whom
And americans wonder why everyone hates them?
Hysterical: deriving from or affected by uncontrolled extreme emotion or relating to, associated with, or suffering from hysteria
Translation: Canadian Foreign Aid will be delivered by teaching Peruvians to rape their land for profit, which will be largely enjoyed by Canadian Mining Corporations. Steve also thinks there's a nice enslavable Native population there, too.
There's something tawdry about a commentator urging a political party to do what is in its narrow self interest. Is Mr Flanagan looking for a job as a Liberal strategist?
Bottom feeders ? It takes one to know one.
Get a life!
"Look no one is suggesting that Clinton is perfect...." That's good because Hill is the most corrupt US Presidential candidate EVER...
islam is the French underclass?
Did you just think that up yourself?
Mikey still has poopy pants from yesterday...
But to most of us, it just makes him look gullible.'=====No. Not that. What a stupid remark.
So the left does not trust judges?
how do you know the money wont be used to enrich shareholders first?
Two words....Bob Rae!
Wait, did this need a sarcasm flag?
Keep dreaming Liberals, but 'Le Dauphin' is not ready for primetime....
Overreact much?
Bombast and nonsense' Principal tools of the Harper gang.
Then why do Canadians go to the USA or Mexico for health care?
Seems to me that you are not thinking Konrad.
fewer obese people dressed in sweatpants.'... including the Mayor
Personally, I feel that picking through human feces at a sewage treatment plant is degrading and unseemly, but I would never suggest that it should be outlawed. 'Perfect!
This sounds like an ad from the Power Workers of Ontario.
...more learned liberal advisors...'Not only learned, but even 'more learned'? Where have they been hiding all these years?
HaHaHa! The comment section of the G&M has sure become the main message board for left wing numbnutz!. Far more balanced posting at the NP.'And you are here, Don. Welcome to the club, hahaha.
How does an idiot like that manage to pull down $107k a year?
Moon, Do you *really* need it spelled out to you?
This guy never signed up for Econ 101 in college...
He likely already has several diseases given...
Wrong!
John, are you taking a break from your determined search for those WMDs in Iraq?
Are you stuck in the 1950s?
Media monkey!
More like Trudeau's Fanzine.
If I had a son who was an incompetent president he'd look like...
And How many jihadists and sharia law proponents in the mix?
That's nice, sweetie, you keep thinking that
Keep telling yourself that.
You never made it out of grade 3.
"...all scientists all agree..." Where do you get this guff from?
No, I'd say you are a typical Canadian.
LOL. PET continually ranks in the top 5 of Canada's best PMs!
SayNothing has just turned 13! Happy birthday, SayNothing! BTW, how's grade 1 coming along?
Easy dear, just don't say anything
>> pursuing an international criminalSo you fell for that one, as well.
Bitter much?
"cut your iPhone more than basic cable TV cigarettes booze vacation" 'And get off my lawn you lazy kids!! 1!'
Dopiest comment I see is "The science is settled," typically one of your favourites.
Oh - so I imagine you have enquired about the curricula for each of the other subjects taught in our schools?
Do you always celebrate amateurishness?
And yet some Canadians seriously think that we should be sending the CAF to Mali... Do you think that maybe we'll need them here at home?
"We" were not all involved in the collapse of integrity and reason, Chipreader. He's been "Steve" to me, ever since the murdering oilman Dubya dubbed him.
Um, doesn't Donald have 'Big Hair'?
Yes - a truly naive piece of scribbling !
Stop labelling and just make your point.
Ah I see gay priest??
Well, if she's only gay at church...
Slavery killed a lot more Africans than Nazism did Jews.'  How did you calculate this?
LOL.  Please tell me it includes the one that thinks that having boys do household chores turns them gay.
All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing. ~ Edmund Burke
Gary:  Are you a Homosexual??????
How do you progs become such extremists?
Just in -  Trump has transgendered from female rattle snake to spitting cobra!
uniquely Canadian' really means 'from Cana-duh'
Alceste, Paris voted 10% Le Pen Paris is  20 % Muslim ? 20 % other immigrants ? 50% urban leftists? - so why is that surprising?
It's always a flukwing Jew, isn't it?
Let me guess: M.W. ?Elizabeth is a gem among the Globe columnists.
How many vegans are transgendered?
Forcing your doctrine down the throats of ...'  Why do opponents of gay rights so often use this metaphor?
This should be pretty simple for you to understand...
You know its not racism if it is the truth.
It was Catholics vs Protestants. How peripheral is that?
Who am I to judge?' means very little when you just got fired for being gay while working for a church.
Protesting against Islamophobia?!?   Sigh...Alice, close your eyes, we've reached a new level of sheer stupidity.  I wish these same progressives would protest against antisemitism.  Or anti-Christianity.  Those darn white people just aren't as politically 'SEXY'   How about we protest against selective religious intolerance?
So Hitler wasn't anti Jewish because he didn't kill all the jews?
US/Saudi supported 'moderate' terrorist head-choppers' No, Islamic supported and trained... Countries don't train people to be head choppers, organ eaters and yell 'Allah Akbar while killing each other and innocent people.
If their an obese transgender, do they get in?
Or a lawyer!
Love is seeing yourself in others.' ~Eckhart Tolle
In private, however, he was living with Charles Chiarelli, his lover since 1965.'   That sentence says it all.  Fr O'Neil was an active practicing homosexual priest.  I don't think you should compare Fr Martin to this fellow Jesuit.
Does it say loser on it?
...and what about the Holocaust ?...'the PAST is the PAST. It's time to move over' Tell that to the Jew community and see 'the avalanche' of commentators you'll get!
In transgender, why do we assume the brain is right and the body is wrong?
But you believe a few deranged Muslims represent the remaining 1.7 billion?
In other words: He's not gay!  Right?
Dear Western Society: Hosea 8:7
Why the hell do Muslims want to come to Canada if we are such a despicable bunch of racist kurrs?  Oh but they forgive us and try to accept us.   How magnanimous.  How much of their objection to us is just taqiyya?
 'Patriot'? What does that mean? '  'The ownership disqualifies it...' is what answers that. Levant is Jewish and 'patriot' is code for neo-nazi et al.
If it walks like a duck, quacks like a duck, chances are it’s a duck
Noone cares what you think
You obviously don't actually know any real liberals.
If one can 'pray the gay away', then any sad cleric should be a few 'Our Father's and 'Hail Mary's away from bliss...
$84 million on Viagra and Cialis, $8 miilion on Transgender according to a Rand Corporation study conducted in 2016.
How wrong art thou? Let me count the ways:  (1) Qur'an doesn't order Muslims to kill people on the basis of belief (2) Qur'an says nothing about 72 virgins (3) Dismissing a book you haven't read as 'evil' without reading it--you clearly haven't read it--is stupid.
Didja notice how Cohen is a 'Jew' first and then an American?
Right next to the part that says gays and lesbians can marry.  And right next to the part that says the word 'Penalty' means 'Tax' in Obamacare.
Aren't Porta Potties transgender?
well well well, look what the cat dragged in
The RCC is simply an institution bent on profit and power.'  There is a special place for those who malign the Church that Catholics hold dear, and a special ignominy in being once a Father of Church and saying such things.
You mean it was Richard's venue.
What was it Jesus said to 11 other men again? - 'You will all lose faith.' Those 11 went on to show themselves to be weak, cowards, unbelievers and..... the greatest saints of our Church.  'Can anything good come out of.... Germany?'
Trump’s Navy Secretary On Transgender Troops: ‘Any Patriot’ Should Serve
Are you a muslim Alceste?
Anti Muslim name????? How exactly is defending France against invading moors in 729AD 'Anti Muslim'?
How about the rights of working Canadians who pay $14 BILLION a year in funding they get with no accountability?
Your equalization money.
You look into people's eyes
^ ^ "the racists and the bigots have always been there... appeal to the lowest common denominator"
I suppose that white men might also be transgendered so...
because she's black & a tranny
>> But they didn't kill the Jews by the thousands or millions  They didn't? What kind of 'Hindustan' math are you using?
Patience is a virtue.
It has always been thus.
Choose? Are saying that being gay is a choice? That's been debunked decades ago. When did you make your choice as to your sexual orientation?
Inspiring!! First transgendered woman in the pagent!
You invite a guy into your house and you don't know he's Jewish? You just met him at the mall?
Are you Obi Wan Kenobi? Is your next line to tell us that we will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy?
When asked if he were a Muslim, the son should have replied: I am an American, my religion is none of your business.
"Canada is regarded as extremely well-governed ..." By whom?
Muslims...driving the wedge into the log, one stroke at a time.
Oh no -- are they doing that stupid Pokemon thing too?
Can someone name ONE Muslim dominated country where things are just fine?
Now what? How about waiting until the legislation is actually tested by people with the authority to make a ruling?
Yup. Why did the Church stop talking about sodomy (homo- and heterosexual) as sinful?
Ah the Christian taliban speaks!
Is you blatant racism meant to be representative of the views of most Catholics?
You couldn't pay me $1000 to go see the head of the Christian Taliban!
Aren't all gays female friendly?
Reality has a Liberal bias...
once she is President' ?? Getting ahead of ourselves aren't we?
Ward1 in Springfield: I don't think there is any evidence that the recent threats made nationwide against Jewish institutions originated in Eugene or even in this country.
When POTUS Trump speaks to the Boy Scouts it's political but when the left shoves gay propaganda down their throats it's educational.'.... Dinesh D'Souza‏
You get the government you deserve.
Well, I think we can rule out the Christians!
Says the greatest homophobic poster...
Shouldn't the title read 'Muslim extremist wrecks havoc on innocent students'?
Konrad isn't going to get an invitation to the inauguration of anyone even if it's held in Wilno or Barry's Bay!
You actually read that rant?
what good have the millions of fake Christians ever done for anyone?
Maybe better than lying and cheating
You think the USCCB would choose a transgender woman as a shill?
Seriously? No.  Socrates was Greek, therefore a Greek was Socrates.  Socrates was a homosexual therefore a homosexual was Socrates.
FormerDougCo, Is the baker asking the gay couple for a cake? How are gay people discriminating against religious conservatives. If your religion says you are to kill me, but I kill you first in self-defense, is my killing of you discrimination?
not an argument.
Transgender people to not vote Republican in 2020
One comment...WHO CARES?  What are there, maybe two transgender students in the state??
There is no such thing as secular values. Maybe that's why?
stoner' - a word with such positive connotations!
Ya where is the gender equality there??
Well it didn't take danepol too long to drag out that old canard - anti zionist = anti semitism! In fact I think Manjra is an equal opportunity phobe. His Islamophobia is positively shocking! And in Feinsteins casecase it is anti zionist=anti Semite=self hating non practising Jew!
Protestants? Jews?
Amen brother
Lesbian reject men so why should men protect them?
***And for my next comment, I will channel Roy's justification for everything***  You want Trump to fire someone just because he doesn't like Jews?  What is this? Nazi Germany?
Gay pornography?
 but to also dampen the traits of what makes America great, such as: compassion, inclusion, equal opportunity, fairness, equality, truth and justice.'-----------------------------In what fantasy world are they at?
Scot...you've missed a medication dose today?
What's the matter, James, Hitler didn't kill enough Jews for your liking?
Homosexuals are men right?
Legally and factually dubious claims about the law became the platform to oppose equality for trans and gender non-binary Canadians, cloaking the underlying transphobia that animated the opposition.'  Wow. Do the authors really believe this about their opponents?
Dumb and dumber?
who cares
The teaching of Paul IV is more likely to have led many to hell -- or to have led them to construct a hell on earth for Jews. 'By their fruits you shall know them.'
NP, I think you misread Klastri's comment.  It said, 'fundamentally evil when it comes to LGBT folks and women's rights,' meaning as he relates to those issues, not on the whole as your interpretation.
Really? Did you demand that Trump prove that Obama was a Kenyan Muslim?
Harper-crites unite!
Having a gay husband?
White Christians perhaps; not white evangelicals who are definitely not the majority!
... 'christians' have that mastered ...
Do your jewish friends know that you 'like' online comments that say that 'the zionists' control Canada?
Peace in our time!
How is a gay couple a federally protected class? Federal protected classes include:  •Race. •Color. •Religion or creed. •National origin or ancestry. •Sex. •Age. •Physical or mental disability. •Veteran status. •Genetic information. •Citizenship.
[... it appears officials were unaware of the incidents uncovered by The Globe]As Upton Sinclair said, 'It is difficult to get a man to understand something when his salary depends on his not understanding it.'
How can a Twit explain any-thing?
BURKE - the face of Roman Catholic Fascism!
Seems a bit early for a gay pride parade?
 ..how Canada's aboriginal culture actually forms the basis of many aspects of Canada's political/legal structure..'Total nonsense !
Science has no place in a Wente rant.
why is it that you hate jews so much?
I'm not really sure there was a transgender policy 50 years ago. That would be 1967?
Why fo gay guys always think they can get away with misogyny?
In your effort to balance gender you have given up competency.'I'd love your take on which ministers you believe are 'not competent'. This cabinet is filled with competent and talented people.
So, what does all that have to do with transgender?
Yeah, he'll put the UN in its place, just like he'll ban travel from Muslim countries and revoke Obamacare?
Does that mean Jews are cannibals?
You are too kind
I see they have Jews doing damage control
Last time I checked diabetes was an illness. Are you suggesting that transgenderism is also an illness?
Trump announces ban on transgender people serving in U.S. military'  How is that biased?
Only until he got elected.
<<I am curious what I look like thru 'hairy eyeballs.'>>  It seems I wasn't explicit enough: You look like a Catholic fascist.  But I didn't mean to derail the thread by throwing out a bit of snark.
Young and bright....' are there no older homosexuals?
And we prosper.
SayeSo Sayeth Martin, the Liberal uber-apologist.After the 'shock and awe' of Trump's victory, I'm surprised that he isn't still hiding in his 'safe space'.....
Morality is always arguable . . .'  Let me understand:  The morality of, say, exterminating 6 millions Jews is arguable?
Check ignition ....and may God's love be with you
Fine--why is he not condemning politicians --especially 'Catholic' politicians who support abortion with the same veracity?
So f?hlt sich der Reichspropagandaminister stark genug, in seiner Position, die F?hrung der Partei die Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiter-Frage zu stellen.
It's about time.
Um no. If i can't eat, what good is school or a lighted street going to do for me? I know people like you in the PS won't go hungry but I will. Perhaps you should read the article in the Financial Post...
It should be remembered that ?Nations have no permanent friends or allies, they only have permanent interests.?
Hopefully, some of these more secular Israelis will end up in Canada.'Why?
So, what are you trying to say?
Utter tosh.
Boule sheet.
Yup, and the Iraq people asked the Western Political society to use false premises and invade them. It has worked out quite well for them. Only 250, 000 Iraqi civilians have died post invasion. I guess this is 'public interest'
The West tolerates China because they are the manufacturer of the world, like they tolerate Saudi Arabia because that country has oil.
What nonsense.
He is as useless as teats on a bull.
Worse - Cruz
Interesting reasoning. No doubt you feel we should apply it in cases of human suffering as well. When disasters strike, when famines hit, when wars are afoot... if there's too many victims to treat them all humanely, we should euthanize them. Right?
You just lost the argument.
If anything this piece suggest the immigrants are bringing the country up, not down,'Bingo!
@ReasonInsteadofReligionPrecisely. You hit the nail on the head. The values of islam are not compatible with the fundamental values of the West.
""n fact, we need to figure out how to manage population decreases."" LOL !!! See: ""World population stabilization unlikely this century"" at science. org.
You digress ...
Red herring alert.
Because she is a Dalton McGuinty Liberal.
Baird would be a nightmare as PM.
I'd bet right now you'd have more success raising money to buy them plane tickets to send them back to Turkey / Jordan / Lebanon.
.Yes he did, and than the governments (US, UK, Russia and Canada) that make the decisions on the what, where, when and how sat on 'it', doing NOTHING) The UN does NOT make unilateral decisions, the nations that form the security council DO..
The plan is similar to the Chinese encouraging Chinese immigration into Tibet: destroy the local culture and replace it with another.
Two words....Bob Rae!
Wait, did this need a sarcasm flag?
Overreact much?
Religious child indoctrination.
The whole editorial - like the whole Konservative platform is putting the brightest shade of lipstick on the ugliest pig - and the back end of the pig at that.
This sounds like an ad from the Power Workers of Ontario.
Wrong!
Media monkey!
Sarcasm at its finest - well done.
The voters in Ontario were faced with the choice between a liar, a fool and a thug.
Go back to your MRA goddess Christina Hoff Sommers.
Not sad, Pat. Pathetic.
The terrorist calls himself Harper.
Pierre Poutine.
Blithering eedjit.
Mary Marxist Trash
You got unrighteous doctors dealing drugs that will never cure your ills' - Bob Dylan - 'When You Gonna Wake Up?' - 1979
Ah I see gay priest??
That's not shocking at all. 
In other words it's all the arabs fault. Isreal bears no responsibility for the suffering of the palestinians.
elevate your debating skills Why and Alceste
Right on Sarah Sanders!  She's not forcing anything on anybody--it's done silently and privately.  Psalms 14:1 The fool has said there is no God.  Which is in the Jewish Old Testament.   For the loud unbelieving Jewish friends.
The Jews in Germany would have loved to be treated as the Palis are treated. No ovens, no concentration camps, no genocide. No one is going to question support for Israel other than commie-pinkos, the chronic Jew haters, and assorted riff raff.
Unloving, yes. You would have us believe that God is as homophobic as you are. And, given that you reject Dignitatis Humanae, you are NOT faithful to Church teaching.
The article didn't talk about Viagra or the cigarettes they used to pass out, only the transgender.
All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing. ~ Edmund Burke
How do you progs become such extremists?
Lay off the Oxy, Von....
We treat the 2nd Amendment like a death lottery and we are all potential blood sacrifices. How many of those concert goers thought they had bought lottery tickets? I thought Jesus made human sacrifices unnecessary. I'm sure a lot of those concert goers thought they were Christians.
you are so naive.
Our city celebrates slugs and trans.
I support a voluntary $100 fee.
why, you want pictures?  numerous studies have shown that those who are vocally antigay are often closeted homosexuals that are secretly envious of those who are you publicly out.  is that why you are stalking me, you have a crush on me?   how special!  https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/homophobes-might-be-hidden-homosexuals/
My, what a cleverly SUBTLE example of Muslim-bashing!  I don't think I've been subjected to such a devastatingly articulate rejoinder since...possibly the 7th grade.  I-I-I think I might just cry...
Or a lawyer!
Most military households say transgender people should get to serve
The ignorant shall always be with us.
Support an independent CBC.
As are homosexual tendencies.
Dear AlbertansYes, we feel your pain, and wish you well. Remember, misery never lasts for ever. This Easterner will never say ?let those western baaastards freeze in winter?. You are valuable to us in good times and bad. Get well soon. Best wishes.
Islam is not compatible with dutch values and i am pretty sure the dutch do not want to convert. It is all or nothing for the muslims and they will not stop until they have it all.  The elites refuse to except that reality.
Let's not forget that other adorable example of good Christianity, the Salem Witch Trials. Let's hang 'em in the name of God!
Dear Western Society: Hosea 8:7
With 325,886, 603 people in the US (three seconds ago) and 'One birth every 8 seconds and One death every 11 seconds', one 'transgender' critter more or less is really irrelevant!  https://www.census.gov/popclock/
It's not the politician's fault. We get the government we deserve since so many of us can't even be bothered to vote. Seems greed and looking out for your own self-interest is all that matters to a lot of voters. Sad, very sad.
,,I take,, it you,, are a,,,Trump,,,supporter?!?
Sure 90% of Muslims will be patriotic when we are re-writing our laws to accommodate a 1% minority! We treat them like Gods while ignoring the truth about Islam, we whitewash the reality of their religious text and their goals in our society.
The BDS movement and the anti-Israel propaganda disseminated on our country's university campuses has unleashed the worst in people on the political left. The anti-Jewish bigots of the left feel emboldened as they hide behind the billowing skirts of Auntie-Semitism.
> If the Holy Spirit has been so assiduous in guiding the Church, then either the Holy Spirit is really bad at it or else has a very nasty sense of humor.  Please give an instance in which the Holy Spirit has lead the Church astray.
It isn't illegal for an 18 year old to have sex with a seventeen year old' LOL. Good luck convincing a judge of that. In California, where the offense in question took place, the legal age of consent is 18.
Jewish terrorism arose as self-defense against Arab terrorism.
An Islamist?  What a shock.  I thought it was an American angry white guy.  Our spud Junior has hatched the same future for Canada by allowing in 35,000(!!!) Syrian 'refugees' without proper vetting.
They are no more united than the EU is. They are nations and each has its own way of looking at things, just as any other nation.
More often it's Jews looking for more victim hood.
Preventing or opposing Jews from living in other territories or countries is racist, just as the Germans attempted to do. Palestinians claim that Jews will not be allowed to live in a future Palestinian state. Their racist bigoted endeavor should not be allowed to prevail.
This little piggy should have stayed home
You mean it was Richard's venue.
Hahahaha, you're quoting a right-wing Republican vice-president forced to resign in disgrace.     And stayed in disgrace: 'In 1976, he briefly reentered the public spotlight and engendered controversy with what Gerald Ford publicly criticized as 'unsavory remarks about Jews'.'
dome:  You are describing a he/she or she/he or Trans something.
OH NO! The snowflakes will have to pay for their education of black studies, women's studies and transgender studies! Oh the humanity!  The good news is that a degree in transgender studies will ABSOLUTELY help you get into a profession paying $150K year.
Thank you for your service and may God keep all our military service members SAFE.
Your equalization money.
Gender based? Just male-female?  . What about transgender?
Missouri LIBERAL JOURNALIST charged with Jewish bomb threats, you mean, WaPo/ADN! Funny how they are saying it was because of his girlfriend now.
palestine has 0 jews. Israel has 20% non jewish arabs and plaestinians and others. It is plain who the problem is.
Jews are the worst people on the planet. They lie, cheat, and destroy entire nations. They have no boundaries, moral or ethical, when it comes to dealing with the gentiles. They only thing they worship is the almighty fiat money. Those are facts.
my, aren't we a special snowflake?
Dude was an atheist who hated Christians.
Ontario Liberals are not BC Liberals.
It has always been thus.
The only way a Muslims will reach out to embrace Mormons or any other religions group is from behind around the neck.
For all the issues that divide Americans and Canadians, there is one thing that both these countries can agree upon, and it is this. Tory times are indeed sorry times.
"Canada is regarded as extremely well-governed ..." By whom?
To identify the truly sick racists google: chief rabbi of Israel says only purpose of goyim is to serve jews, life of goyim worth same as donkey.  Netanyahu says this jerk is the greatest mind of this generation.  http://www.timesofisrael.com/5-of-ovadia-yosefs-most-controversial-quotations/  ,./
Dan - Fair enough.
Orthodox Jewish women are not at risk of being stoned to death or drowned in their car driven off a cliff into a lake  if they disobey.
Try rampant violence in the gay community....   https://www.lifesitenews.com/news/cdc-gay-lifestyle-fraught-with-violence  Try out of control disease in the gay community...
Another Communist Jew.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PeXVP7TlSxY  Muslim Feminism for real.
you mean a transgendered horse.
Nothing but spoiled little children raised in an artificial world of make believe.  When the war with Islam comes they will be the first to die.
STAGE FOUR: ISLAMIC THEOCRACY The Qur’an and the Sharia becomes the 'law of the land. ' All non-Islamic human rights cancelled. Freedom of speech and the press eradicated. All Religions other than Islam are forbidden and destroyed. Enslavement and genocide of non-Muslim population. Destruction of all evidence of non-Muslim culture, groups and symbols in  country.
Isn't it disgusting? These people commenting, and the Liberals clearly don't know how to use a dictionary. None of this makes any sense. Everyone wants to protect the religion of Islam, and they care nothing about the muslims. That's exactly what I see here.
This marine died because of the gay pride parade in Waikiki took extra resources from HPD.   How stupid is the HPD brass to take away manpower away from a high crime district?
The bottom line is that the Security Council countries see the rest of the world as Muslim dominated with demonstrated terrorist aspirations, and have opted to feed the Muslim crocodile in the hope of being eaten last.
How much land does Arabs need? It's not about the land but murderous hate towards HaShem's chosen people...The Jews. The Lord has set a blessing(Torah) and a curse(secularism) before us...Choose wisely!
The Globe promotes ghettoization.
That's like saying a racist doesn't hate black people, he just hates the color of their skin. Or an anti-Semite doesn't hate Jews, he just hates their religion. Or a misogynist doesn't hate women, he just hates their gender.
The Muslim religious culture is so far from our Canadian values that it is impossible for most Canadians to believe that our supposed multicultural society can ever accept their religious culture. The solution is obviously that we should very much limit the number of Muslim immigrants.
The only troll is Amira herself, trolling for Islam and for western civilization's submission to the Koran. Her hijab is the sign she handed her fate to Allah. Giving up free will is just one thing Muslims ar expected to sacrifice for their religion. 10
How gallant of you.
Well, I think we can rule out the Christians!
Spacey pulled the gay card to avoid the pedophile angle.' ============ He just didn't 'pull it out of thin air.'  Apparently there has suggestions, allegations, and rumors that he has been gay for decades. He finally is confirming it all. Besides the 'homosexual-pedophile' angle is hardly better than the 'homosexual-pedophile' angle.
.  'The whole notion that somehow we just say no to more Muslims, just ban a whole religion, goes against everything we stand for and believe in.'   Dick Cheney  ----  Wow.  When Dick Cheney  calls you out for being intolerant and anti-Muslim, you know you have to be one grossly sick POTUS.  .
Islam is no more deserving of respect than any other idea or philosophy. People deserve respect. Islam, like other religions, is tribal and destructive. I will not be silenced in my criticism of these archaic and barbaric ideologies.
I remember that period as well. Since everyone in my father's family was Anglican, and my mother's family were all Jews, it seems they were all damned.
The Muslim youth unemployment situation has more  influence  on radicalization than devotion to Islam.
The policy of the church is that gays or straight clergy are to be celibate---no sex with anybody, even themselves.
In all the times I've used public bathrooms, I've never been concerned nor saw a transgender using the women's bathroom.  I'm far more afraid of someone leaving their body fluid or poop on the toilet seat than I'm worried about someone's gender.
What a hypocritical editorial!
The defence claimed self-defence, not stand-your-ground.
No such thing as transgender - just males, females, and people with abnormal brain scans. Brain scans are abnormal among those who claim that they are really their own body's biological opposites.
Islam permits true believers to dissemble in order to protect their beliefs and faith.
Protestants? Jews?
Except there is no God.
Gay pornography?
George Victor, you may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope some day you will join us, and the world will live as ONE.
I am an older transgender person, I vigorously oppose this legislation. I have made a video on the topic that I hope people will watch: https://youtu.be/x-txjWzJQjU . The western world is quickly going absolutely insane.
Dumb and dumber?
The teaching of Paul IV is more likely to have led many to hell -- or to have led them to construct a hell on earth for Jews. 'By their fruits you shall know them.'
Having a gay husband?
Holy mother of god what a dunce
Too funny.
Patterning makes the pederasts. In the seminaries, some gay men simply come out while others adopt the asexual ideal imposed on them as a way of regaining latency.
Conservatives have raised fears about men or boys claiming to be transgender in order to spy or prey on women or girls in public restrooms.' -Well then those 'conservatives' should be more concerned about the president being in any room with a woman or girl.
Peace in our time!
Precisely. He's forever sulking about how gay people have (mis)appropriated the use of words like 'gay' and 'LGTB' while he's doing his level best to re-appropriate the use of scary words 'sodomy' and 'sodomite.' Sadly for him, it isn't working.
How is a gay couple a federally protected class? Federal protected classes include:  •Race. •Color. •Religion or creed. •National origin or ancestry. •Sex. •Age. •Physical or mental disability. •Veteran status. •Genetic information. •Citizenship.
Damn lies.
Muslim Terrorist Attack.
The average age of the victims was 10.5 for girls and 11.5 for boys.' - from the Commission's statistics as reported by the BBC  So much for the tired claim that this was mostly gay priests and their teen lovers.
Ahhh.....a Jewish conspiracy is it?  LOL!!!
Canadians have a reputation for being poor tippers.
God bless you.
You should be poisoned and murdered. 
If the Mayor says that he has gay friends - I'd bet dollars to donuts they are involved in the drug trade.
But there is evidence that Judge supported same-sex acts by self-identifying as 'gay,' as opposed to one who has same-sex attraction, which does not imply any opinion on same-sex acts.'  And your evidence to support this conclusion is what?
How long have you been Gay?
The inerrant word of our saviour. With all of his infinite wisdom. Praise The Lord.
Depends. The churches enjoy tax-exempt status and are therefore subsidized by all of us. They're ripe for human rights complaints and lawsuits, I say. Discriminate against gays and women in Canada in 2017--because your magic stories declare them sinners or inferiors--and you deservew what you get.
...............celebrate the birth of the god Mithras (or the new sun).
So, what does all that have to do with transgender?
You are right, of course. Some Pharisees were indeed friends of Jesus, but most weren't. In fact, they repeatedly conspired with the Saducees to entrap Jesus, make him look a disobedient fool, and, ultimately, to have him executed. Hence the pejorative use of the word 'Pharisee'.
You are too kind
Initially, the Nazis too wanted to send the Jews out of Europe. The Final Solution was proposed later.  And providing smallpox infected blankets to the natives does suggest genocidal plans, knowing that they had no cure for that terrible disease.
Only until he got elected.
Most advocates will be lesbians.
How ignorant can these rainbows be?  Islam forbids homosexual acts under penalty of death.  These maroons want to support and protect their enemy.
And we prosper.
You're lonely yes, gay no.
As is a trans women being a lesbian.
So Jews should be forbidden entry on the grounds of Psalm 137:8-9.
The Father of Secularism was a medieval Muslim. Ibn Rushd, aka Averroes, lived in the 12th century. He was a brilliant scientist, philosopher, and Islamic theologian.
Considering a govt can get elected with only 39% of the popular vote eliminating the views of 20% of the population is just stupid.  Transgendered people represent less than 1% of the population so from your comment they can be ignored as well.
Go cry to mommy.
Of course 'all thy sons' should be dropped. It's 2016.'All of us,' though, is not very poetic 'All our hearts' is better: True patriot love in all our hearts command.
Slanderous comment from The Great Malumba.
You might recall that six men were shot to death recently while at prayer in a mosque because they were Muslim.
Oh and the Liberals never lied, LOL.
This is an extremely bright, ambitious, competitive woman who would love nothing more than to exceed her predecessor's time in office.'Sorry... you lost me after the first comma.
Utter drivel and undeserving of further response.
It's about time.
Hopefully, some of these more secular Israelis will end up in Canada.'Why?
Margaret Atwood bores a lot of women too.
Think you've 'done' it to yourself. Get some help, dude.
Take their guns away and these cowards wouldn't last the day.
Just maintain residency at your parents house. and come back and visit occasionally. Problem solved bleeding heart.
It's nice when a poster's punctuation mirrors the quality of their thoughts.
Rather a silly remark there, watchlist.
I understand the Liberal government will be bestowing two (2) taxpayer funded nannies each upon every wealthy trust fund family,
Now happily the Conservatives can be consigned to their well earned oblivion.
 .. They invite criminals and inspire crime.... 'And without a casino there would be no criminals or crime ?!
who does the clown mulcair speak for then?
What a fool - Trudeau can try to put gloss over the obvious however the raw belly of Quebec society is showing.
what a dull-witted nightmare.
Maybe it's time for the family owners to get off their lazy backsides and do the work themselves?
So that encompasses whiny non smokers as well?
You can't discuss complicated things with simple voters.
So, what are you trying to say?
Rotherham. Try google. And then tell us who is enlightened and who are the primitives.
Gramps Maybe stay in your room with the lights out and you will feel safer.
You must be a new Canadian.
Yeah, Harper can go to Helm.
Ken Maynard you've got some issues with reality
How about holding West and Saudis accountable.
Canada's evaluation process is really weak.
You were marketed to by the unions during the election. You bought it, and you're still buying it.
Is anyone surprised? There can't possibly be anyone still surprised by these fricken clown's antics.
Mor0nic post, Robert 320.
Putin is really putting the sheep to work. At least it is gratifying to know that the Russian mob values Canadian perspectives.
Well you're presumably Canadian - so arguably it's not about you at all.
Judging by your thumbs down, you must have touched a raw nerve with the Ontario Liberal apoloigists.
LOL....when was India's history so illustrious?
WARD NEEDS ANOTHER DRINK
LOL the writer 'admires' these things about Canada.. but has chosen to live in the USA and continues to live there.. for 'some reason'even with the 'promising' PM Photo- OP..when she does not have to live with the consequences..
Rhodes scholars were chosen because their parents were well connected; go back through 50 years of Canadians who were chosen and then check their parentage.
Utter tosh.
Boule sheet.
Gawwwwwwd seeeees alllllllll
Wait, Harris had an idea? What was it? This should be good.
Shhh, Liberals need no encouragement to print money. Wynne doesn't have her own printing presses that's why she's electing Trudeau, he's got the presses.
Never. Progressives have a double standard.
copper5 - if you see this as 'done' now you are very, very naive.
Try telling that to RMiller. Not that it will help the poor fellow.
Gee no hacks here...
The kids weren't allowed to speak their own language, much less harvest their traditional foods. Good grief, pick up a book, Bozo.
Another 'No Brainer' moment for the Harperoids.
andrea... what is your point ??
What nonsense.
Typical Harper Hate Machine fear mongering.
Care to back that up with a credible link?
Orange wave is doable. People don't buy the alarmist fear mongering about the NDP anymore
I wonder how many of the people voting you down also demand we should be more like some Scandinavian country at every possibility. Like all those people who think a Carbon Tax is a great idea as long as they don't have to pay it
 . . . there will be tens of thousands of Canadians if not more who will identify with him. And they will vote for him in droves again and again.'You mean if you're nuts you'll vote Liberal?
Politicians who speak of needed revenue from casinos are the vilest of spineless creatures.
Add Justin Trudeau to your 'doofus spawn' list.
But the Oil Sands are not ignorant and washed up, like Neil Young himself...
Thanks for the belly laugh, festina!
Brown, a pitiful case in point.
Nonsense. The same circular logic could apply to the other parties.
Worse - Cruz
the experiment is almost over, americans do not want another corrupt liberal government
That depends on when the next suitable gender feminist martyr episode arrives.
Tea party lover. Huh.
Anyone who has ever driven through, for example, Utica NY will understand why Trump succeeded.'Potholes???
iski99: The statement you quote is quite stunning and it's even more startling that about one-third of Canadians don't appear troubled by this at all. You have to wonder how much more of this government Canadians can tolerate.
You're likely right... but will there be any evidence?
You just lost the argument.
It makes sense Canada should say no.
brilliant broadcaster? I think not.
what does robo-con harper say?
Cynical, do you still call AIDS, GRID? Since you so much like to call things what they were called originally...
Mel, I don't like being identified by your binary labels, this is a safe space! (s)
That line is really getting stale chirp.
because they have freedom of expression
Please don't tell me you think any Quebec government has ever 'taken on the unions' . That statement is laughably incorrect.
This province absolutely cannot risk another 4 years of NDP rule.'------Uh, when was the previous '4 years of NDP rule' in Alberta? How did I miss that? Did you cut those Modern Canadian History classes?
portia, Trump took quite an interest in young things.
You digress ...
That's it Rio... stay klassy... DOOSH
Troll. Hey Harper isn't PM.
Where is the outrage from Danish tourist to this story?
What's Jay Sherman blathering on about?
 A rose by any other name smells as sweet....' Call them what you like. It changes nothing.
Red herring alert.
What about the presstitutes? Lets legalise them too.
All Europe, not only Sweden!!!!!
Right on, D_Peters. Sounds like fun. What a work ethic, eh?
Read the post and think a little harder, RW.
Also, Robert Nixon and Stephen Lewis (particularly) were gutless.
You can't help it if you're ignorant of the law and one's legal rights - you're just one of the mob and need it to think for you.
Oooh boy! I guess you've revealed a lot about yourself in a single sentence
Well then stay under your rock.
Go work for the CBC. Your extreme left-wing bias will be more readily accepted there.
TWF - mind your own business.
rick the CON will defend all CON crime.
Hysterical: deriving from or affected by uncontrolled extreme emotion or relating to, associated with, or suffering from hysteria
Translation: Canadian Foreign Aid will be delivered by teaching Peruvians to rape their land for profit, which will be largely enjoyed by Canadian Mining Corporations. Steve also thinks there's a nice enslavable Native population there, too.
Every single sentence a blatant lie. Good work, Peter1410.
sorry you don't have the capacity to understand that 'rich' resource is killing the planet.
I don't neccessarily disagree with any of that... but this article is about Trump, not Clinton or Obama, so how is your comment relevant? It isn't as far as I can tell
Though homophobia certainly still lurks in clubhouse culture, ...'Evidence please, or is it just presumed because it's all male.
Racist slime. Really?
I think it's a concern about Canada, but go ahead with your continual, ineffectual baiting, as you always do.
Boris is not the Lord Mayor of London. You aren't qualified to make comments when you can't even get basic facts right.
Get a life!
Full moon having its effect, hmmm?
Tom Z should gaze at his own Canadian navel and not that of his neighbour
Alan, can you not go and find a tree to hug somewhere!?
Baird would be a nightmare as PM.
islam is the French underclass?
Who are 'these folks'? Please, illuminate us with your knowledge of the Canadian Muslim community. And kindly stick to the facts.
I'd bet right now you'd have more success raising money to buy them plane tickets to send them back to Turkey / Jordan / Lebanon.
Guess you missed the hatred during the referendum, conveniently so I might add.
Did you just think that up yourself?
NO one in this conversation wants kids smoking pot. Grow up Harperite - if you can.
Mikey still has poopy pants from yesterday...
Feel free to add it to your bag of concern troll talking points.
maximrw - what's backwards? THe coward's a Harper?
Sure - you just keep abusing the aboriginal people and bombing Muslims and Asians.
Sounds a lot like Russia and China as well.
The Globe is making a big deal of this 'Putin confrontation'.. I would think a Globe reporter would have attempted to verify it, afterall it was reported by the PMO staff so crediblity is lacking... anybody out there who wants the truth?
It's the best of all possible worlds doncha know
So a former Secretary of State and Two-term Senator is, in your mind, worse than a clown with no understanding of how the Government works and what the Constitution says. That soesn't say much good about your thought processes.
Two words....Bob Rae!
Clearly you weren't around while western Canada burned up this summer.
Your comment is beyond juvenile.
Can't admit who was responsible can you - do you live in the GTA?
What about you, Robbins and Summers? Coinpurses nice and smooth?
Overreact much?
Yes, they certainly will increase our population quickly and easily. What do you know about population biology and ecology? Not much at all, obviously.
Bombast and nonsense' Principal tools of the Harper gang.
So much for equality?.
Who subsidizes your fire and police? Want a hint?
Logical thinking is not a strong point with many in the G&M Commentariat
Bitter and small-minded are appropriate adjectives to describe the Jones screed.
fewer obese people dressed in sweatpants.'... including the Mayor
The whole editorial - like the whole Konservative platform is putting the brightest shade of lipstick on the ugliest pig - and the back end of the pig at that.
You're telling me Canadians are bipolar! They need their Lithium dosage quickly.
Yes we have never seen such a bias media work so hard to drag this tired hag across the finish.'How come when I said the same thing in other articles against Trump I didn't get this many thumbs up??
Webbie, you are the problem now go away
The pensioners ARE the sponsors! Gt a grip, Art!
skipping your English as a second language class again ???
Speaking of morons you fit the bill.
France is war mongering again.
Too right! What a drama queen.
instability in Argentina -- who knew??
Perhaps clever Canadian academics could be offering to help?
Saunders noodles about 'Canadian apartment dwellers' from his elitist rookery in London.
JH....many of your posts are actually ramblings.
...more learned liberal advisors...'Not only learned, but even 'more learned'? Where have they been hiding all these years?
Here's your reality - Harper's gone (and good riddance!). Get over it.
How do you dream up the incessant nonsense? Harper is gone for good. Get over it.
This was a productive discussion before you joined in. Go back to sleep.
Yeah, right. Merit as defined by whom? By males, of course.
Again Jack, embarrassing commentary. You bring nothing to the conversation of value. Please either up your game or stay home.
It seems that Ms Wente has brought her war on drugs mantra from the US with her. 1964 (year she emigrated) is a long time to harbor outdated attitudes in a country that knows better, save for Hasrpers gang
It's a train wreck waiting to happen, I'm happy to say ...
How's that real estate speculation gig workin' for ya?
David too bad you never got out of grade 3.
Moon, Do you *really* need it spelled out to you?
why would Brad Wall save Ontario? There is no need to. Let Ontario drop.
This guy never signed up for Econ 101 in college...
Far right conservatism in trouble, progressive conservatism isn't.
Wrong!
We elect governments that do not allow the 'market' to operate, we've been raised to be socialists.
John, are you taking a break from your determined search for those WMDs in Iraq?
Correct thing'? Maybe for people like you who have been out to get the PM from day 1, but not for me, nor for anyone else who can see clearly.
Are you stuck in the 1950s?
Media monkey!
More like Trudeau's Fanzine.
Sarcasm at its finest - well done.
--well, --not_quite_no influence. Just enough to make us raise our hackles at the absurdities published at 'the Centre-of-the-Universe' in its' sublime ignorance of what's west of Lake Superior.
As if you know anything about terrorism or islamists. Get a grip.
Moronic comment, Jimmie.
If you honestly see the deceitful Cons as the 'best option' available I feel sorry for you.
Yes, they will be much happier being Putin's slaves.
If I had a son who was an incompetent president he'd look like...
It doesnt have to be hordes, a few as happened in UK, France, US. Deny all you want, they want to violently rule the world, or have you not been following what they are doing in Iraq?
And How many jihadists and sharia law proponents in the mix?
 however, I think the guy needs professional medical help'Detox?
you don't have to be one of the "useful idiots" to believe that this monument is a bad idea.
That's nice, sweetie, you keep thinking that
Another Liberal boodoggle
Keep telling yourself that.
Why, of course. How could I have been so stupid! They simply take 2.5% away from all the teachers and then give it back. Thanks for clearing that up, Friggate! Now, back to summer vacation, you!
Your assertions are unsupportable and misleading.
You never made it out of grade 3.
Doug is a typical SJW defending his cultural marxist agenda by calling anyone against it racists.
No, I'd say you are a typical Canadian.
Nothing? Is this action alone something? Try again?
Go back to your MRA goddess Christina Hoff Sommers.
Easy dear, just don't say anything
Bitter much?
Really. She reads like Patrick Brown's Communications Director.
Dopiest comment I see is "The science is settled," typically one of your favourites.
Tin foil hat crowd, if the shoe fits & it seems to fit you well Jack.
Not sad, Pat. Pathetic.
dude, im a Conservative making an argument that the CPC will win the next two elections with majorities. Perhaps you comprehension of writing is an issue here. Reread the comment, and save yourself a little dignity.
Nullify their passports and revoke their citizenship, and problem is solved since they never be able to come back to Canada again.
Sorry, By resorting to 'Reductio ad Hitlerum' your opinion is rendered irrelevant.
Come to Liberal Ontario - now that is the WORST government in the history of Canada by far..... sorry to burst your bubble.
Pierre Poutine.
Do you always celebrate amateurishness?
What a load of rubbish.
How to get under Harpers skin, vote Liberal.
And what good have you done, that would make you a judge.
lets go............ the sooner we get rid of this piece of filth the betterTime to take back Canada and her democracy
Jailed more like it.
Blithering eedjit.
Please learn to read
Grampa, you're demonstrating your lack of knowledge of the US healthcare system. Seems you're relying on the nonsense you're fed by the CBC on a regular basis.
What ARE they saying then? Enlighten us, Mr. Comprehension.
Are you saying no one in Canada has ever been attacked by wildlife?
And that fcker McGuinty committed us to 80 cent per kilowatt hour solar!!! What an absolute POS.
Yes - a truly naive piece of scribbling !
Wow. Perhaps the most uninformed, inflammatory, and bigoted column in some time by the old hag down the block. Pathetic.
Odd advice, then, from 'right wing war supporters', Sirencall. Not exactly a clarion call to arms.
Ali Ceste, please compare the status of Israeli women with that of women in the Muslim world and report back to us.
Self-hating liberal Jew - a stain on his brethren and his country.
Raskolnikov, Your hatred of Jews has evolved over time in its manifestations and disguises and one can see all three forms in abundance here. Read some history and maybe you'll understand a thing or two about reality. Your antisemitism is disgusting.
Thats the problem only Islam is being taught in schools. Muslims WILL NOT TOLERATE their children being taught any other religion
Not in the Conservatives family. You are not part of them.
Nothing but thinly disguised Christian Supremacy.
un autre qui n'a pas d't?te et il faut qu'il nous le fasse savoir
The Muslim apologists, and the Globe has three of them as editorial writers, are in overdrive to distract from where the real threats lie.
Surely you haven't forgotten Pierre Poilievre. They've done a goodd job of keeping him in hiding.
Surely your not suggesting this man was invincibly ignorant of Catholic teaching or was compelled to behave in the way he did?
From Russia with love...to Transgender in bathroom! Good move DJT.
According to NEWSWEEK, 'Border Wall Tied to Trump Transgender Ban'. http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/border-wall-tied-to-trump-transgender-ban-report/ar-AAoSxVS?li=BBnb7Kz
How do you progs become such extremists?
Islam teaches hate. Muslims need to be run out of this country. They are a disgusting death cult
its a jewish democracy, get over it, you and kerry are idiots
It's always a flukwing Jew, isn't it?
Republican controlled only in theory even Republicans can't stomach Cheetolini your religious SAVIOUR ... lol ... 'christians' are foul and evil as is evidenced by YOUR President :)
free trade, and unfettered shipping of jobs to places like india is what is pushing us into poverty, we have a moral obligation to help canadians before foreigners
Guy who wrote the bathroom bill loses to a transgender opponent.........delicious.
The Nazis killed 6 million Jews, the Republican Party thinks nothing of attempting to kill 30 million Americans.
Rodney Howard-Browne is a heretic and an embarrassment to Christianity.
How many vegans are transgendered?
Vote4Me: Sure, sure. No need to get too excited.
That's too ignorant to be worthy of a real answer.
This should be pretty simple for you to understand...
Thank you for sharing your sanctimonious rant.
Liberal party has already been charged with illegal robocalls. Try to pay attention.
How refreshingly void of content.
All the examples you give, are civil servants. Thanks for proving our point
Yes, it leads to a Breitbart webpage. Pffft.
Given that Trump has shown himself to be a narcissistic, lying, sexist, racist bigot, he DESERVES to be attacked. Certainly, no Christian should support him. Do you really believe he gives a damn about abortion?
What could be more clever than mocking the transgendered?   Are you 12 years old?  Pathetic.
If you are annoyed by it, you don't really understand it.
If their an obese transgender, do they get in?
It's because the editors don't know anything.
Muslims cannot emigrate to Japan
You are right, homeopathy has much in common with faith healing. Utter quackery.
He was teacher and a camp counselor. Those that can't - teach Perfect pedigree to run a convereted Muslim Communist country
Most military households say transgender people should get to serve
WOW  Jew hater nice
Stop living in the '40s Matt. The rest of us have moved on from this a long time ago...
Propaganda of homosexuality should be forbidden.
Does it say loser on it?
Maybe Harper can send you a free carton of cigarettes.
Support an independent CBC.
I’m trying to imagine you with a personality.
So brave of those who feel Bourque deserves another trial. I wonder how you would feel if you would lose a family member of your families. You would not give a damn about him of that I am sure.
you are so na?ve.
Canadians don't want a lisping prime minister who's probably bisexual.
Better he survived to deprive him of his vestal virgins in Islamic heaven.  Let rot in the calaboose!
If all the left has to offer are homophobic and misogynistic attacks on Leitch, she needs to be very careful.  A protest banner will soon lead to possible hate crimes from this bunch of left wing deplorables.
Nothing like starting the car and throw into gear right away at -20, this should do wonders to the tranny and engine.
Anything I have commented on I have seen first hand. For the record my respect is earned... No doubt a foreign concept to a second nations supporter.
Ascalepius, I doubt it. Hahahhahahahahhaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.
Jews are scared because the terrorists lobbing bombs and launching rockets on Israel, are gaining ground in Europe.
If you knew anything about the Bible you wouldn't make such a foolish statement.
It's cute when you try and do man things.
Just leave and go on with your life dude, wtf
I've never noticed that kindergartners have (trans) gender hang-ups. If they do though, don't worry, they'll likely outgrow it once they've moved beyond functional illiteracy. How's that going for you, 4:20?
Islamic radicals, like mad dogs, bite themselves, along with everyone & everything else.
Especially the United Way and it's member agencies!
Here is a thoughtful critique of the TV show in question from a trans blogger: https://sexdrugsmh.wordpress.com/2017/01/13/thoughts-on-transgender-kids-who-knows-best/
Free enterprise will always be with us
Not sure if you're willfully blind to your attitude, or if you really don't know what condescension means.
If it walks like a duck, quacks like a duck, chances are it’s a duck
Pifco, You're so gallant, you'd look good even in a straight jacket.
It would seem that Globe readers - from reading this response to Doug's story - are the most easily misled on the planet.
The Christian right should be up in arms, but they already made their deal with the devil...
Mike, you are definitely gay. Face it.
Right back atcha!  Alinsky tactic...demonize the opposition and accuse that side of exactly what your side is doing.  Obama was great at it...just that most people saw thru it.  Great!  I'm glad you support Christian observances in our schools.  There's hope for us all.
Author of this hitpiece is a Jew. Enough said.
Hey military hater, join up, become a REAL MAN, are you a transgender freak? military does not want you; not sorry.  be quiet............................ :)
Sounds like they sold their souls and principles
$84 million on Viagra and Cialis, $8 miilion on Transgender according to a Rand Corporation study conducted in 2016.
The. Transgender pervert republicans need to be sent home , replaced immediately !
and your post take first prize for absurdity.
Veritates, if you hometown is in Ukraine perhaps you should go over there and do what you feel necessary - dragging Canada into this issue is irresponsible.
What does this have to do with the corruption talked about in the article?  Are you saying that the entire US Navy has been corrupt since 1967?  Why do you hate Jews because of what President Johnson did?  Was he Jewish?
Muslims do not assimilate. Muslims infiltrate. It is called 'Hijrah' (jihad by immigration).
What do you expect from a Liberal media shill.
Defund organizations that discriminate against Love Saxa. It is a Catholic Institution and should follow Catholic tenets. If the priests in charge, do not enforce this, summarily remove them
And why would anybody with a high calibre of leadership and knowledge touch Ontario with a ten foot pole ?
Cassandra: Now that you are mocked in the Trudeau stories, I see that you are hanging out with your second love i.e. jew bashing
Aren't Porta Potties transgender?
Uganda had the death penalty until 2013 when they moderated their stance and only sentence gay people to life in prison now. So, I guess you win, Duque, don't you?
well well well, look what the cat dragged in
You mean it was Richard's venue.
Meanwhile, on the military transgender front...
What was it Jesus said to 11 other men again? - 'You will all lose faith.' Those 11 went on to show themselves to be weak, cowards, unbelievers and..... the greatest saints of our Church.  'Can anything good come out of.... Germany?'
So who are you to determine what forms of correction are legitimate? You must have some qualification beyond being a busybody liberal.
ZayWhat, No harm to society as a result of open use of pot. But slow death for an economy based on slave wages.
Are you a muslim Alceste?
Belief in god is dying fast. Thank god.
Very na?ve, I'm afraid.
There are other ways to protect your home - martial arts, for example
GDP grew during the financial melt down of 2008 and onwards? Now who's drinking the coolaid.
Gay rights are more than marriage. But yes, if you are against gay marriage, you're a bigot. And you are a bigot. Roskell.
so basically you're fantisizing about getting a legal reason to kill someone. You are a horrible person
Canadians won't be in a position to say 'we have made amends' for at least a generation AFTER the government has demonstrated it is treating aboriginal people with respect. That has only just started after a decade of going backwards.
He'd feel as safe as he did in the broom closet.
You look into people's eyes
The UN is sacred and all things Holy to Canadian liberals, never forget it.
...And how are the French doing on integration of their Muslim minority...?
Not even a tenth of one percent of students are transgendered.  D I S T R A C T I O N
a catholic priest molested children?  Surprise, surprise, surprise.
my, aren't we a special snowflake?
Trudeau and his feel good government are weak kneed. The Americans will walk all over us for the next four years.
how shameful, a jew practising eugenics
You're so rad. What's the point of being Catholic if one can't angst over one's salvation?! :)
The financial sink hole of the UN makes the Wynne Government look positively Thatcherite in its austerity.
Patience is a virtue.
It has always been thus.
But there were quite a few Jewish scientists in the Manhattan Project so blame away with irrelevancies.
your days are numbered there is blood on your hands!
The best thing the Ontario Liberals have going for them is Tim Hudak, the master at campaigning for opposition leader.
This is an extremely bright, ambitious, competitive woman who would love nothing more than to exceed her predecessor's time in office.'Sorry... you lost me after the first comma.
It should be remembered that ?Nations have no permanent friends or allies, they only have permanent interests.?
Hopefully, some of these more secular Israelis will end up in Canada.'Why?
Mulroney's legacy whether you like him or not 1. North American Free Trade 2. GST if they are bad we had about 20 years to get rid of them so they must be good or we are lazy and incompetent grudgingly admit Mulroney left a legacy CHRETIEN left none
President Dwight Eisenhower arrived at Union Station on a visit during the Second World War.'Huh? What was Eisenhower president of during WWII? The Elks club?
It's nice when a poster's punctuation mirrors the quality of their thoughts.
Not so much biased as clueless!
 .. They invite criminals and inspire crime.... 'And without a casino there would be no criminals or crime ?!
Trudeau: 'go ahead, watch me'Harper: 'Its too dark in here'
So that encompasses whiny non smokers as well?
So, what are you trying to say?
Is this a serious post?!?!
You must be a new Canadian.
Yeah, Harper can go to Helm.
How can one work with 'silly'?
If they return to Canada they can vote. If they remain abroad for 5+ years how is that 'valuable perspective' helping Canada?
LOL....when was India's history so illustrious?
WARD NEEDS ANOTHER DRINK
Gawwwwwwd seeeees alllllllll
My how you add to the discussion.
OH! What a marvellous idea!! All we'd have to do is firmly and strictly declare something like a War on Drugs.......Wait…
For Canada?s foreign-policy elite....'Nice of you to put the straw man of your argument in your first sentence.
Who suggested that prospective immigrants do NOT have the right to opinions about Canada?
Why is it that so many religious people can't distinguish between what's their business and what's someone else's?
 . . . there will be tens of thousands of Canadians if not more who will identify with him. And they will vote for him in droves again and again.'You mean if you're nuts you'll vote Liberal?
How, exactly, are you impacted if new Canadians swear their loyalty to Canada rather than to the British monarch?
Worse - Cruz
Anyone who has ever driven through, for example, Utica NY will understand why Trump succeeded.'Potholes???
You're likely right... but will there be any evidence?
If anything this piece suggest the immigrants are bringing the country up, not down,'Bingo!
because they have freedom of expression
""n fact, we need to figure out how to manage population decreases."" LOL !!! See: ""World population stabilization unlikely this century"" at science. org.
This province absolutely cannot risk another 4 years of NDP rule.'------Uh, when was the previous '4 years of NDP rule' in Alberta? How did I miss that? Did you cut those Modern Canadian History classes?
What's Jay Sherman blathering on about?
 A rose by any other name smells as sweet....' Call them what you like. It changes nothing.
Red herring alert.
BS. What is your reference for this statement?
LOL! well said.
TWF - mind your own business.
You don't seem to know who appointed whom
And americans wonder why everyone hates them?
Hysterical: deriving from or affected by uncontrolled extreme emotion or relating to, associated with, or suffering from hysteria
Translation: Canadian Foreign Aid will be delivered by teaching Peruvians to rape their land for profit, which will be largely enjoyed by Canadian Mining Corporations. Steve also thinks there's a nice enslavable Native population there, too.
There's something tawdry about a commentator urging a political party to do what is in its narrow self interest. Is Mr Flanagan looking for a job as a Liberal strategist?
Bottom feeders ? It takes one to know one.
Get a life!
"Look no one is suggesting that Clinton is perfect...." That's good because Hill is the most corrupt US Presidential candidate EVER...
islam is the French underclass?
Did you just think that up yourself?
Mikey still has poopy pants from yesterday...
But to most of us, it just makes him look gullible.'=====No. Not that. What a stupid remark.
So the left does not trust judges?
how do you know the money wont be used to enrich shareholders first?
Two words....Bob Rae!
Wait, did this need a sarcasm flag?
Keep dreaming Liberals, but 'Le Dauphin' is not ready for primetime....
Overreact much?
Bombast and nonsense' Principal tools of the Harper gang.
Then why do Canadians go to the USA or Mexico for health care?
Seems to me that you are not thinking Konrad.
fewer obese people dressed in sweatpants.'... including the Mayor
Personally, I feel that picking through human feces at a sewage treatment plant is degrading and unseemly, but I would never suggest that it should be outlawed. 'Perfect!
This sounds like an ad from the Power Workers of Ontario.
...more learned liberal advisors...'Not only learned, but even 'more learned'? Where have they been hiding all these years?
HaHaHa! The comment section of the G&M has sure become the main message board for left wing numbnutz!. Far more balanced posting at the NP.'And you are here, Don. Welcome to the club, hahaha.
How does an idiot like that manage to pull down $107k a year?
Moon, Do you *really* need it spelled out to you?
This guy never signed up for Econ 101 in college...
He likely already has several diseases given...
Wrong!
John, are you taking a break from your determined search for those WMDs in Iraq?
Are you stuck in the 1950s?
Media monkey!
More like Trudeau's Fanzine.
If I had a son who was an incompetent president he'd look like...
And How many jihadists and sharia law proponents in the mix?
That's nice, sweetie, you keep thinking that
Keep telling yourself that.
You never made it out of grade 3.
"...all scientists all agree..." Where do you get this guff from?
No, I'd say you are a typical Canadian.
LOL. PET continually ranks in the top 5 of Canada's best PMs!
SayNothing has just turned 13! Happy birthday, SayNothing! BTW, how's grade 1 coming along?
Easy dear, just don't say anything
>> pursuing an international criminalSo you fell for that one, as well.
Bitter much?
"cut your iPhone more than basic cable TV cigarettes booze vacation" 'And get off my lawn you lazy kids!! 1!'
Dopiest comment I see is "The science is settled," typically one of your favourites.
Oh - so I imagine you have enquired about the curricula for each of the other subjects taught in our schools?
Do you always celebrate amateurishness?
And yet some Canadians seriously think that we should be sending the CAF to Mali... Do you think that maybe we'll need them here at home?
"We" were not all involved in the collapse of integrity and reason, Chipreader. He's been "Steve" to me, ever since the murdering oilman Dubya dubbed him.
Um, doesn't Donald have 'Big Hair'?
Yes - a truly naive piece of scribbling !
Stop labelling and just make your point.
Ah I see gay priest??
Well, if she's only gay at church...
Slavery killed a lot more Africans than Nazism did Jews.'  How did you calculate this?
LOL.  Please tell me it includes the one that thinks that having boys do household chores turns them gay.
All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing. ~ Edmund Burke
Gary:  Are you a Homosexual??????
How do you progs become such extremists?
Just in -  Trump has transgendered from female rattle snake to spitting cobra!
uniquely Canadian' really means 'from Cana-duh'
Alceste, Paris voted 10% Le Pen Paris is  20 % Muslim ? 20 % other immigrants ? 50% urban leftists? - so why is that surprising?
It's always a flukwing Jew, isn't it?
Let me guess: M.W. ?Elizabeth is a gem among the Globe columnists.
How many vegans are transgendered?
Forcing your doctrine down the throats of ...'  Why do opponents of gay rights so often use this metaphor?
This should be pretty simple for you to understand...
You know its not racism if it is the truth.
It was Catholics vs Protestants. How peripheral is that?
Who am I to judge?' means very little when you just got fired for being gay while working for a church.
Protesting against Islamophobia?!?   Sigh...Alice, close your eyes, we've reached a new level of sheer stupidity.  I wish these same progressives would protest against antisemitism.  Or anti-Christianity.  Those darn white people just aren't as politically 'SEXY'   How about we protest against selective religious intolerance?
So Hitler wasn't anti Jewish because he didn't kill all the jews?
US/Saudi supported 'moderate' terrorist head-choppers' No, Islamic supported and trained... Countries don't train people to be head choppers, organ eaters and yell 'Allah Akbar while killing each other and innocent people.
If their an obese transgender, do they get in?
Or a lawyer!
Love is seeing yourself in others.' ~Eckhart Tolle
In private, however, he was living with Charles Chiarelli, his lover since 1965.'   That sentence says it all.  Fr O'Neil was an active practicing homosexual priest.  I don't think you should compare Fr Martin to this fellow Jesuit.
Does it say loser on it?
...and what about the Holocaust ?...'the PAST is the PAST. It's time to move over' Tell that to the Jew community and see 'the avalanche' of commentators you'll get!
In transgender, why do we assume the brain is right and the body is wrong?
But you believe a few deranged Muslims represent the remaining 1.7 billion?
In other words: He's not gay!  Right?
Dear Western Society: Hosea 8:7
Why the hell do Muslims want to come to Canada if we are such a despicable bunch of racist kurrs?  Oh but they forgive us and try to accept us.   How magnanimous.  How much of their objection to us is just taqiyya?
 'Patriot'? What does that mean? '  'The ownership disqualifies it...' is what answers that. Levant is Jewish and 'patriot' is code for neo-nazi et al.
If it walks like a duck, quacks like a duck, chances are it’s a duck
Noone cares what you think
You obviously don't actually know any real liberals.
If one can 'pray the gay away', then any sad cleric should be a few 'Our Father's and 'Hail Mary's away from bliss...
$84 million on Viagra and Cialis, $8 miilion on Transgender according to a Rand Corporation study conducted in 2016.
How wrong art thou? Let me count the ways:  (1) Qur'an doesn't order Muslims to kill people on the basis of belief (2) Qur'an says nothing about 72 virgins (3) Dismissing a book you haven't read as 'evil' without reading it--you clearly haven't read it--is stupid.
Didja notice how Cohen is a 'Jew' first and then an American?
Right next to the part that says gays and lesbians can marry.  And right next to the part that says the word 'Penalty' means 'Tax' in Obamacare.
Aren't Porta Potties transgender?
well well well, look what the cat dragged in
The RCC is simply an institution bent on profit and power.'  There is a special place for those who malign the Church that Catholics hold dear, and a special ignominy in being once a Father of Church and saying such things.
You mean it was Richard's venue.
What was it Jesus said to 11 other men again? - 'You will all lose faith.' Those 11 went on to show themselves to be weak, cowards, unbelievers and..... the greatest saints of our Church.  'Can anything good come out of.... Germany?'
Trump’s Navy Secretary On Transgender Troops: ‘Any Patriot’ Should Serve
Are you a muslim Alceste?
Anti Muslim name????? How exactly is defending France against invading moors in 729AD 'Anti Muslim'?
How about the rights of working Canadians who pay $14 BILLION a year in funding they get with no accountability?
Your equalization money.
You look into people's eyes
^ ^ "the racists and the bigots have always been there... appeal to the lowest common denominator"
I suppose that white men might also be transgendered so...
because she's black & a tranny
>> But they didn't kill the Jews by the thousands or millions  They didn't? What kind of 'Hindustan' math are you using?
Patience is a virtue.
It has always been thus.
Choose? Are saying that being gay is a choice? That's been debunked decades ago. When did you make your choice as to your sexual orientation?
Inspiring!! First transgendered woman in the pagent!
You invite a guy into your house and you don't know he's Jewish? You just met him at the mall?
Are you Obi Wan Kenobi? Is your next line to tell us that we will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy?
When asked if he were a Muslim, the son should have replied: I am an American, my religion is none of your business.
"Canada is regarded as extremely well-governed ..." By whom?
Muslims...driving the wedge into the log, one stroke at a time.
Oh no -- are they doing that stupid Pokemon thing too?
Can someone name ONE Muslim dominated country where things are just fine?
Now what? How about waiting until the legislation is actually tested by people with the authority to make a ruling?
Yup. Why did the Church stop talking about sodomy (homo- and heterosexual) as sinful?
Ah the Christian taliban speaks!
Is you blatant racism meant to be representative of the views of most Catholics?
You couldn't pay me $1000 to go see the head of the Christian Taliban!
Aren't all gays female friendly?
Reality has a Liberal bias...
once she is President' ?? Getting ahead of ourselves aren't we?
Ward1 in Springfield: I don't think there is any evidence that the recent threats made nationwide against Jewish institutions originated in Eugene or even in this country.
When POTUS Trump speaks to the Boy Scouts it's political but when the left shoves gay propaganda down their throats it's educational.'.... Dinesh D'Souza‏
You get the government you deserve.
Well, I think we can rule out the Christians!
Says the greatest homophobic poster...
Shouldn't the title read 'Muslim extremist wrecks havoc on innocent students'?
Konrad isn't going to get an invitation to the inauguration of anyone even if it's held in Wilno or Barry's Bay!
You actually read that rant?
what good have the millions of fake Christians ever done for anyone?
Maybe better than lying and cheating
You think the USCCB would choose a transgender woman as a shill?
Seriously? No.  Socrates was Greek, therefore a Greek was Socrates.  Socrates was a homosexual therefore a homosexual was Socrates.
FormerDougCo, Is the baker asking the gay couple for a cake? How are gay people discriminating against religious conservatives. If your religion says you are to kill me, but I kill you first in self-defense, is my killing of you discrimination?
not an argument.
Transgender people to not vote Republican in 2020
One comment...WHO CARES?  What are there, maybe two transgender students in the state??
There is no such thing as secular values. Maybe that's why?
stoner' - a word with such positive connotations!
Ya where is the gender equality there??
Well it didn't take danepol too long to drag out that old canard - anti zionist = anti semitism! In fact I think Manjra is an equal opportunity phobe. His Islamophobia is positively shocking! And in Feinsteins casecase it is anti zionist=anti Semite=self hating non practising Jew!
Protestants? Jews?
Amen brother
Lesbian reject men so why should men protect them?
***And for my next comment, I will channel Roy's justification for everything***  You want Trump to fire someone just because he doesn't like Jews?  What is this? Nazi Germany?
Gay pornography?
 but to also dampen the traits of what makes America great, such as: compassion, inclusion, equal opportunity, fairness, equality, truth and justice.'-----------------------------In what fantasy world are they at?
Scot...you've missed a medication dose today?
What's the matter, James, Hitler didn't kill enough Jews for your liking?
Homosexuals are men right?
Legally and factually dubious claims about the law became the platform to oppose equality for trans and gender non-binary Canadians, cloaking the underlying transphobia that animated the opposition.'  Wow. Do the authors really believe this about their opponents?
Dumb and dumber?
who cares
The teaching of Paul IV is more likely to have led many to hell -- or to have led them to construct a hell on earth for Jews. 'By their fruits you shall know them.'
NP, I think you misread Klastri's comment.  It said, 'fundamentally evil when it comes to LGBT folks and women's rights,' meaning as he relates to those issues, not on the whole as your interpretation.
Really? Did you demand that Trump prove that Obama was a Kenyan Muslim?
Harper-crites unite!
Having a gay husband?
White Christians perhaps; not white evangelicals who are definitely not the majority!
... 'christians' have that mastered ...
Do your jewish friends know that you 'like' online comments that say that 'the zionists' control Canada?
Peace in our time!
How is a gay couple a federally protected class? Federal protected classes include:  •Race. •Color. •Religion or creed. •National origin or ancestry. •Sex. •Age. •Physical or mental disability. •Veteran status. •Genetic information. •Citizenship.
[... it appears officials were unaware of the incidents uncovered by The Globe]As Upton Sinclair said, 'It is difficult to get a man to understand something when his salary depends on his not understanding it.'
How can a Twit explain any-thing?
BURKE - the face of Roman Catholic Fascism!
Seems a bit early for a gay pride parade?
 ..how Canada's aboriginal culture actually forms the basis of many aspects of Canada's political/legal structure..'Total nonsense !
Science has no place in a Wente rant.
why is it that you hate jews so much?
I'm not really sure there was a transgender policy 50 years ago. That would be 1967?
Why fo gay guys always think they can get away with misogyny?
In your effort to balance gender you have given up competency.'I'd love your take on which ministers you believe are 'not competent'. This cabinet is filled with competent and talented people.
So, what does all that have to do with transgender?
Yeah, he'll put the UN in its place, just like he'll ban travel from Muslim countries and revoke Obamacare?
Does that mean Jews are cannibals?
You are too kind
I see they have Jews doing damage control
Last time I checked diabetes was an illness. Are you suggesting that transgenderism is also an illness?
Trump announces ban on transgender people serving in U.S. military'  How is that biased?
Only until he got elected.
<<I am curious what I look like thru 'hairy eyeballs.'>>  It seems I wasn't explicit enough: You look like a Catholic fascist.  But I didn't mean to derail the thread by throwing out a bit of snark.
Young and bright....' are there no older homosexuals?
And we prosper.
SayeSo Sayeth Martin, the Liberal uber-apologist.After the 'shock and awe' of Trump's victory, I'm surprised that he isn't still hiding in his 'safe space'.....
Morality is always arguable . . .'  Let me understand:  The morality of, say, exterminating 6 millions Jews is arguable?
Check ignition ....and may God's love be with you
Fine--why is he not condemning politicians --especially 'Catholic' politicians who support abortion with the same veracity?
So f?hlt sich der Reichspropagandaminister stark genug, in seiner Position, die F?hrung der Partei die Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiter-Frage zu stellen.
It's about time.
Um no. If i can't eat, what good is school or a lighted street going to do for me? I know people like you in the PS won't go hungry but I will. Perhaps you should read the article in the Financial Post...
It should be remembered that ?Nations have no permanent friends or allies, they only have permanent interests.?
Hopefully, some of these more secular Israelis will end up in Canada.'Why?
So, what are you trying to say?
Utter tosh.
Boule sheet.
Yup, and the Iraq people asked the Western Political society to use false premises and invade them. It has worked out quite well for them. Only 250, 000 Iraqi civilians have died post invasion. I guess this is 'public interest'
The West tolerates China because they are the manufacturer of the world, like they tolerate Saudi Arabia because that country has oil.
What nonsense.
He is as useless as teats on a bull.
Worse - Cruz
Interesting reasoning. No doubt you feel we should apply it in cases of human suffering as well. When disasters strike, when famines hit, when wars are afoot... if there's too many victims to treat them all humanely, we should euthanize them. Right?
You just lost the argument.
If anything this piece suggest the immigrants are bringing the country up, not down,'Bingo!
@ReasonInsteadofReligionPrecisely. You hit the nail on the head. The values of islam are not compatible with the fundamental values of the West.
""n fact, we need to figure out how to manage population decreases."" LOL !!! See: ""World population stabilization unlikely this century"" at science. org.
You digress ...
Red herring alert.
Because she is a Dalton McGuinty Liberal.
Baird would be a nightmare as PM.
I'd bet right now you'd have more success raising money to buy them plane tickets to send them back to Turkey / Jordan / Lebanon.
.Yes he did, and than the governments (US, UK, Russia and Canada) that make the decisions on the what, where, when and how sat on 'it', doing NOTHING) The UN does NOT make unilateral decisions, the nations that form the security council DO..
The plan is similar to the Chinese encouraging Chinese immigration into Tibet: destroy the local culture and replace it with another.
Two words....Bob Rae!
Wait, did this need a sarcasm flag?
Overreact much?
Religious child indoctrination.
The whole editorial - like the whole Konservative platform is putting the brightest shade of lipstick on the ugliest pig - and the back end of the pig at that.
This sounds like an ad from the Power Workers of Ontario.
Wrong!
Media monkey!
Sarcasm at its finest - well done.
The voters in Ontario were faced with the choice between a liar, a fool and a thug.
Go back to your MRA goddess Christina Hoff Sommers.
Not sad, Pat. Pathetic.
The terrorist calls himself Harper.
Pierre Poutine.
Blithering eedjit.
Mary Marxist Trash
You got unrighteous doctors dealing drugs that will never cure your ills' - Bob Dylan - 'When You Gonna Wake Up?' - 1979
Ah I see gay priest??
That's not shocking at all. 
In other words it's all the arabs fault. Isreal bears no responsibility for the suffering of the palestinians.
elevate your debating skills Why and Alceste
Right on Sarah Sanders!  She's not forcing anything on anybody--it's done silently and privately.  Psalms 14:1 The fool has said there is no God.  Which is in the Jewish Old Testament.   For the loud unbelieving Jewish friends.
The Jews in Germany would have loved to be treated as the Palis are treated. No ovens, no concentration camps, no genocide. No one is going to question support for Israel other than commie-pinkos, the chronic Jew haters, and assorted riff raff.
Unloving, yes. You would have us believe that God is as homophobic as you are. And, given that you reject Dignitatis Humanae, you are NOT faithful to Church teaching.
The article didn't talk about Viagra or the cigarettes they used to pass out, only the transgender.
All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing. ~ Edmund Burke
How do you progs become such extremists?
Lay off the Oxy, Von....
We treat the 2nd Amendment like a death lottery and we are all potential blood sacrifices. How many of those concert goers thought they had bought lottery tickets? I thought Jesus made human sacrifices unnecessary. I'm sure a lot of those concert goers thought they were Christians.
you are so naive.
Our city celebrates slugs and trans.
I support a voluntary $100 fee.
why, you want pictures?  numerous studies have shown that those who are vocally antigay are often closeted homosexuals that are secretly envious of those who are you publicly out.  is that why you are stalking me, you have a crush on me?   how special!  https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/homophobes-might-be-hidden-homosexuals/
My, what a cleverly SUBTLE example of Muslim-bashing!  I don't think I've been subjected to such a devastatingly articulate rejoinder since...possibly the 7th grade.  I-I-I think I might just cry...
Or a lawyer!
Most military households say transgender people should get to serve
The ignorant shall always be with us.
Support an independent CBC.
As are homosexual tendencies.
Dear AlbertansYes, we feel your pain, and wish you well. Remember, misery never lasts for ever. This Easterner will never say ?let those western baaastards freeze in winter?. You are valuable to us in good times and bad. Get well soon. Best wishes.
Islam is not compatible with dutch values and i am pretty sure the dutch do not want to convert. It is all or nothing for the muslims and they will not stop until they have it all.  The elites refuse to except that reality.
Let's not forget that other adorable example of good Christianity, the Salem Witch Trials. Let's hang 'em in the name of God!
Dear Western Society: Hosea 8:7
With 325,886, 603 people in the US (three seconds ago) and 'One birth every 8 seconds and One death every 11 seconds', one 'transgender' critter more or less is really irrelevant!  https://www.census.gov/popclock/
It's not the politician's fault. We get the government we deserve since so many of us can't even be bothered to vote. Seems greed and looking out for your own self-interest is all that matters to a lot of voters. Sad, very sad.
,,I take,, it you,, are a,,,Trump,,,supporter?!?
Sure 90% of Muslims will be patriotic when we are re-writing our laws to accommodate a 1% minority! We treat them like Gods while ignoring the truth about Islam, we whitewash the reality of their religious text and their goals in our society.
The BDS movement and the anti-Israel propaganda disseminated on our country's university campuses has unleashed the worst in people on the political left. The anti-Jewish bigots of the left feel emboldened as they hide behind the billowing skirts of Auntie-Semitism.
> If the Holy Spirit has been so assiduous in guiding the Church, then either the Holy Spirit is really bad at it or else has a very nasty sense of humor.  Please give an instance in which the Holy Spirit has lead the Church astray.
It isn't illegal for an 18 year old to have sex with a seventeen year old' LOL. Good luck convincing a judge of that. In California, where the offense in question took place, the legal age of consent is 18.
Jewish terrorism arose as self-defense against Arab terrorism.
An Islamist?  What a shock.  I thought it was an American angry white guy.  Our spud Junior has hatched the same future for Canada by allowing in 35,000(!!!) Syrian 'refugees' without proper vetting.
They are no more united than the EU is. They are nations and each has its own way of looking at things, just as any other nation.
More often it's Jews looking for more victim hood.
Preventing or opposing Jews from living in other territories or countries is racist, just as the Germans attempted to do. Palestinians claim that Jews will not be allowed to live in a future Palestinian state. Their racist bigoted endeavor should not be allowed to prevail.
This little piggy should have stayed home
You mean it was Richard's venue.
Hahahaha, you're quoting a right-wing Republican vice-president forced to resign in disgrace.     And stayed in disgrace: 'In 1976, he briefly reentered the public spotlight and engendered controversy with what Gerald Ford publicly criticized as 'unsavory remarks about Jews'.'
dome:  You are describing a he/she or she/he or Trans something.
OH NO! The snowflakes will have to pay for their education of black studies, women's studies and transgender studies! Oh the humanity!  The good news is that a degree in transgender studies will ABSOLUTELY help you get into a profession paying $150K year.
Thank you for your service and may God keep all our military service members SAFE.
Your equalization money.
Gender based? Just male-female?  . What about transgender?
Missouri LIBERAL JOURNALIST charged with Jewish bomb threats, you mean, WaPo/ADN! Funny how they are saying it was because of his girlfriend now.
palestine has 0 jews. Israel has 20% non jewish arabs and plaestinians and others. It is plain who the problem is.
Jews are the worst people on the planet. They lie, cheat, and destroy entire nations. They have no boundaries, moral or ethical, when it comes to dealing with the gentiles. They only thing they worship is the almighty fiat money. Those are facts.
my, aren't we a special snowflake?
Dude was an atheist who hated Christians.
Ontario Liberals are not BC Liberals.
It has always been thus.
The only way a Muslims will reach out to embrace Mormons or any other religions group is from behind around the neck.
For all the issues that divide Americans and Canadians, there is one thing that both these countries can agree upon, and it is this. Tory times are indeed sorry times.
"Canada is regarded as extremely well-governed ..." By whom?
To identify the truly sick racists google: chief rabbi of Israel says only purpose of goyim is to serve jews, life of goyim worth same as donkey.  Netanyahu says this jerk is the greatest mind of this generation.  http://www.timesofisrael.com/5-of-ovadia-yosefs-most-controversial-quotations/  ,./
Dan - Fair enough.
Orthodox Jewish women are not at risk of being stoned to death or drowned in their car driven off a cliff into a lake  if they disobey.
Try rampant violence in the gay community....   https://www.lifesitenews.com/news/cdc-gay-lifestyle-fraught-with-violence  Try out of control disease in the gay community...
Another Communist Jew.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PeXVP7TlSxY  Muslim Feminism for real.
you mean a transgendered horse.
Nothing but spoiled little children raised in an artificial world of make believe.  When the war with Islam comes they will be the first to die.
STAGE FOUR: ISLAMIC THEOCRACY The Qur’an and the Sharia becomes the 'law of the land. ' All non-Islamic human rights cancelled. Freedom of speech and the press eradicated. All Religions other than Islam are forbidden and destroyed. Enslavement and genocide of non-Muslim population. Destruction of all evidence of non-Muslim culture, groups and symbols in  country.
Isn't it disgusting? These people commenting, and the Liberals clearly don't know how to use a dictionary. None of this makes any sense. Everyone wants to protect the religion of Islam, and they care nothing about the muslims. That's exactly what I see here.
This marine died because of the gay pride parade in Waikiki took extra resources from HPD.   How stupid is the HPD brass to take away manpower away from a high crime district?
The bottom line is that the Security Council countries see the rest of the world as Muslim dominated with demonstrated terrorist aspirations, and have opted to feed the Muslim crocodile in the hope of being eaten last.
How much land does Arabs need? It's not about the land but murderous hate towards HaShem's chosen people...The Jews. The Lord has set a blessing(Torah) and a curse(secularism) before us...Choose wisely!
The Globe promotes ghettoization.
That's like saying a racist doesn't hate black people, he just hates the color of their skin. Or an anti-Semite doesn't hate Jews, he just hates their religion. Or a misogynist doesn't hate women, he just hates their gender.
The Muslim religious culture is so far from our Canadian values that it is impossible for most Canadians to believe that our supposed multicultural society can ever accept their religious culture. The solution is obviously that we should very much limit the number of Muslim immigrants.
The only troll is Amira herself, trolling for Islam and for western civilization's submission to the Koran. Her hijab is the sign she handed her fate to Allah. Giving up free will is just one thing Muslims ar expected to sacrifice for their religion. 10
How gallant of you.
Well, I think we can rule out the Christians!
Spacey pulled the gay card to avoid the pedophile angle.' ============ He just didn't 'pull it out of thin air.'  Apparently there has suggestions, allegations, and rumors that he has been gay for decades. He finally is confirming it all. Besides the 'homosexual-pedophile' angle is hardly better than the 'homosexual-pedophile' angle.
.  'The whole notion that somehow we just say no to more Muslims, just ban a whole religion, goes against everything we stand for and believe in.'   Dick Cheney  ----  Wow.  When Dick Cheney  calls you out for being intolerant and anti-Muslim, you know you have to be one grossly sick POTUS.  .
Islam is no more deserving of respect than any other idea or philosophy. People deserve respect. Islam, like other religions, is tribal and destructive. I will not be silenced in my criticism of these archaic and barbaric ideologies.
I remember that period as well. Since everyone in my father's family was Anglican, and my mother's family were all Jews, it seems they were all damned.
The Muslim youth unemployment situation has more  influence  on radicalization than devotion to Islam.
The policy of the church is that gays or straight clergy are to be celibate---no sex with anybody, even themselves.
In all the times I've used public bathrooms, I've never been concerned nor saw a transgender using the women's bathroom.  I'm far more afraid of someone leaving their body fluid or poop on the toilet seat than I'm worried about someone's gender.
What a hypocritical editorial!
The defence claimed self-defence, not stand-your-ground.
No such thing as transgender - just males, females, and people with abnormal brain scans. Brain scans are abnormal among those who claim that they are really their own body's biological opposites.
Islam permits true believers to dissemble in order to protect their beliefs and faith.
Protestants? Jews?
Except there is no God.
Gay pornography?
George Victor, you may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope some day you will join us, and the world will live as ONE.
I am an older transgender person, I vigorously oppose this legislation. I have made a video on the topic that I hope people will watch: https://youtu.be/x-txjWzJQjU . The western world is quickly going absolutely insane.
Dumb and dumber?
The teaching of Paul IV is more likely to have led many to hell -- or to have led them to construct a hell on earth for Jews. 'By their fruits you shall know them.'
Having a gay husband?
Holy mother of god what a dunce
Too funny.
Patterning makes the pederasts. In the seminaries, some gay men simply come out while others adopt the asexual ideal imposed on them as a way of regaining latency.
Conservatives have raised fears about men or boys claiming to be transgender in order to spy or prey on women or girls in public restrooms.' -Well then those 'conservatives' should be more concerned about the president being in any room with a woman or girl.
Peace in our time!
Precisely. He's forever sulking about how gay people have (mis)appropriated the use of words like 'gay' and 'LGTB' while he's doing his level best to re-appropriate the use of scary words 'sodomy' and 'sodomite.' Sadly for him, it isn't working.
How is a gay couple a federally protected class? Federal protected classes include:  •Race. •Color. •Religion or creed. •National origin or ancestry. •Sex. •Age. •Physical or mental disability. •Veteran status. •Genetic information. •Citizenship.
Damn lies.
Muslim Terrorist Attack.
The average age of the victims was 10.5 for girls and 11.5 for boys.' - from the Commission's statistics as reported by the BBC  So much for the tired claim that this was mostly gay priests and their teen lovers.
Ahhh.....a Jewish conspiracy is it?  LOL!!!
Canadians have a reputation for being poor tippers.
God bless you.
You should be poisoned and murdered. 
If the Mayor says that he has gay friends - I'd bet dollars to donuts they are involved in the drug trade.
But there is evidence that Judge supported same-sex acts by self-identifying as 'gay,' as opposed to one who has same-sex attraction, which does not imply any opinion on same-sex acts.'  And your evidence to support this conclusion is what?
How long have you been Gay?
The inerrant word of our saviour. With all of his infinite wisdom. Praise The Lord.
Depends. The churches enjoy tax-exempt status and are therefore subsidized by all of us. They're ripe for human rights complaints and lawsuits, I say. Discriminate against gays and women in Canada in 2017--because your magic stories declare them sinners or inferiors--and you deservew what you get.
...............celebrate the birth of the god Mithras (or the new sun).
So, what does all that have to do with transgender?
You are right, of course. Some Pharisees were indeed friends of Jesus, but most weren't. In fact, they repeatedly conspired with the Saducees to entrap Jesus, make him look a disobedient fool, and, ultimately, to have him executed. Hence the pejorative use of the word 'Pharisee'.
You are too kind
Initially, the Nazis too wanted to send the Jews out of Europe. The Final Solution was proposed later.  And providing smallpox infected blankets to the natives does suggest genocidal plans, knowing that they had no cure for that terrible disease.
Only until he got elected.
Most advocates will be lesbians.
How ignorant can these rainbows be?  Islam forbids homosexual acts under penalty of death.  These maroons want to support and protect their enemy.
And we prosper.
You're lonely yes, gay no.
As is a trans women being a lesbian.
So Jews should be forbidden entry on the grounds of Psalm 137:8-9.
The Father of Secularism was a medieval Muslim. Ibn Rushd, aka Averroes, lived in the 12th century. He was a brilliant scientist, philosopher, and Islamic theologian.
Considering a govt can get elected with only 39% of the popular vote eliminating the views of 20% of the population is just stupid.  Transgendered people represent less than 1% of the population so from your comment they can be ignored as well.
Go cry to mommy.
Of course 'all thy sons' should be dropped. It's 2016.'All of us,' though, is not very poetic 'All our hearts' is better: True patriot love in all our hearts command.
Slanderous comment from The Great Malumba.
You might recall that six men were shot to death recently while at prayer in a mosque because they were Muslim.
Oh and the Liberals never lied, LOL.
This is an extremely bright, ambitious, competitive woman who would love nothing more than to exceed her predecessor's time in office.'Sorry... you lost me after the first comma.
Utter drivel and undeserving of further response.
It's about time.
Hopefully, some of these more secular Israelis will end up in Canada.'Why?
Margaret Atwood bores a lot of women too.
Think you've 'done' it to yourself. Get some help, dude.
Take their guns away and these cowards wouldn't last the day.
Just maintain residency at your parents house. and come back and visit occasionally. Problem solved bleeding heart.
It's nice when a poster's punctuation mirrors the quality of their thoughts.
Rather a silly remark there, watchlist.
I understand the Liberal government will be bestowing two (2) taxpayer funded nannies each upon every wealthy trust fund family,
Now happily the Conservatives can be consigned to their well earned oblivion.
 .. They invite criminals and inspire crime.... 'And without a casino there would be no criminals or crime ?!
who does the clown mulcair speak for then?
What a fool - Trudeau can try to put gloss over the obvious however the raw belly of Quebec society is showing.
what a dull-witted nightmare.
Maybe it's time for the family owners to get off their lazy backsides and do the work themselves?
So that encompasses whiny non smokers as well?
You can't discuss complicated things with simple voters.
So, what are you trying to say?
Rotherham. Try google. And then tell us who is enlightened and who are the primitives.
Gramps Maybe stay in your room with the lights out and you will feel safer.
You must be a new Canadian.
Yeah, Harper can go to Helm.
Ken Maynard you've got some issues with reality
How about holding West and Saudis accountable.
Canada's evaluation process is really weak.
You were marketed to by the unions during the election. You bought it, and you're still buying it.
Is anyone surprised? There can't possibly be anyone still surprised by these fricken clown's antics.
Mor0nic post, Robert 320.
Putin is really putting the sheep to work. At least it is gratifying to know that the Russian mob values Canadian perspectives.
Well you're presumably Canadian - so arguably it's not about you at all.
Judging by your thumbs down, you must have touched a raw nerve with the Ontario Liberal apoloigists.
LOL....when was India's history so illustrious?
WARD NEEDS ANOTHER DRINK
LOL the writer 'admires' these things about Canada.. but has chosen to live in the USA and continues to live there.. for 'some reason'even with the 'promising' PM Photo- OP..when she does not have to live with the consequences..
Rhodes scholars were chosen because their parents were well connected; go back through 50 years of Canadians who were chosen and then check their parentage.
Utter tosh.
Boule sheet.
Gawwwwwwd seeeees alllllllll
Wait, Harris had an idea? What was it? This should be good.
Shhh, Liberals need no encouragement to print money. Wynne doesn't have her own printing presses that's why she's electing Trudeau, he's got the presses.
Never. Progressives have a double standard.
copper5 - if you see this as 'done' now you are very, very naive.
Try telling that to RMiller. Not that it will help the poor fellow.
Gee no hacks here...
The kids weren't allowed to speak their own language, much less harvest their traditional foods. Good grief, pick up a book, Bozo.
Another 'No Brainer' moment for the Harperoids.
andrea... what is your point ??
What nonsense.
Typical Harper Hate Machine fear mongering.
Care to back that up with a credible link?
Orange wave is doable. People don't buy the alarmist fear mongering about the NDP anymore
I wonder how many of the people voting you down also demand we should be more like some Scandinavian country at every possibility. Like all those people who think a Carbon Tax is a great idea as long as they don't have to pay it
 . . . there will be tens of thousands of Canadians if not more who will identify with him. And they will vote for him in droves again and again.'You mean if you're nuts you'll vote Liberal?
Politicians who speak of needed revenue from casinos are the vilest of spineless creatures.
Add Justin Trudeau to your 'doofus spawn' list.
But the Oil Sands are not ignorant and washed up, like Neil Young himself...
Thanks for the belly laugh, festina!
Brown, a pitiful case in point.
Nonsense. The same circular logic could apply to the other parties.
Worse - Cruz
the experiment is almost over, americans do not want another corrupt liberal government
That depends on when the next suitable gender feminist martyr episode arrives.
Tea party lover. Huh.
Anyone who has ever driven through, for example, Utica NY will understand why Trump succeeded.'Potholes???
iski99: The statement you quote is quite stunning and it's even more startling that about one-third of Canadians don't appear troubled by this at all. You have to wonder how much more of this government Canadians can tolerate.
You're likely right... but will there be any evidence?
You just lost the argument.
It makes sense Canada should say no.
brilliant broadcaster? I think not.
what does robo-con harper say?
Cynical, do you still call AIDS, GRID? Since you so much like to call things what they were called originally...
Mel, I don't like being identified by your binary labels, this is a safe space! (s)
That line is really getting stale chirp.
because they have freedom of expression
Please don't tell me you think any Quebec government has ever 'taken on the unions' . That statement is laughably incorrect.
This province absolutely cannot risk another 4 years of NDP rule.'------Uh, when was the previous '4 years of NDP rule' in Alberta? How did I miss that? Did you cut those Modern Canadian History classes?
portia, Trump took quite an interest in young things.
You digress ...
That's it Rio... stay klassy... DOOSH
Troll. Hey Harper isn't PM.
Where is the outrage from Danish tourist to this story?
What's Jay Sherman blathering on about?
 A rose by any other name smells as sweet....' Call them what you like. It changes nothing.
Red herring alert.
What about the presstitutes? Lets legalise them too.
All Europe, not only Sweden!!!!!
Right on, D_Peters. Sounds like fun. What a work ethic, eh?
Read the post and think a little harder, RW.
Also, Robert Nixon and Stephen Lewis (particularly) were gutless.
You can't help it if you're ignorant of the law and one's legal rights - you're just one of the mob and need it to think for you.
Oooh boy! I guess you've revealed a lot about yourself in a single sentence
Well then stay under your rock.
Go work for the CBC. Your extreme left-wing bias will be more readily accepted there.
TWF - mind your own business.
rick the CON will defend all CON crime.
Hysterical: deriving from or affected by uncontrolled extreme emotion or relating to, associated with, or suffering from hysteria
Translation: Canadian Foreign Aid will be delivered by teaching Peruvians to rape their land for profit, which will be largely enjoyed by Canadian Mining Corporations. Steve also thinks there's a nice enslavable Native population there, too.
Every single sentence a blatant lie. Good work, Peter1410.
sorry you don't have the capacity to understand that 'rich' resource is killing the planet.
I don't neccessarily disagree with any of that... but this article is about Trump, not Clinton or Obama, so how is your comment relevant? It isn't as far as I can tell
Though homophobia certainly still lurks in clubhouse culture, ...'Evidence please, or is it just presumed because it's all male.
Racist slime. Really?
I think it's a concern about Canada, but go ahead with your continual, ineffectual baiting, as you always do.
Boris is not the Lord Mayor of London. You aren't qualified to make comments when you can't even get basic facts right.
Get a life!
Full moon having its effect, hmmm?
Tom Z should gaze at his own Canadian navel and not that of his neighbour
Alan, can you not go and find a tree to hug somewhere!?
Baird would be a nightmare as PM.
islam is the French underclass?
Who are 'these folks'? Please, illuminate us with your knowledge of the Canadian Muslim community. And kindly stick to the facts.
I'd bet right now you'd have more success raising money to buy them plane tickets to send them back to Turkey / Jordan / Lebanon.
Guess you missed the hatred during the referendum, conveniently so I might add.
Did you just think that up yourself?
NO one in this conversation wants kids smoking pot. Grow up Harperite - if you can.
Mikey still has poopy pants from yesterday...
Feel free to add it to your bag of concern troll talking points.
maximrw - what's backwards? THe coward's a Harper?
Sure - you just keep abusing the aboriginal people and bombing Muslims and Asians.
Sounds a lot like Russia and China as well.
The Globe is making a big deal of this 'Putin confrontation'.. I would think a Globe reporter would have attempted to verify it, afterall it was reported by the PMO staff so crediblity is lacking... anybody out there who wants the truth?
It's the best of all possible worlds doncha know
So a former Secretary of State and Two-term Senator is, in your mind, worse than a clown with no understanding of how the Government works and what the Constitution says. That soesn't say much good about your thought processes.
Two words....Bob Rae!
Clearly you weren't around while western Canada burned up this summer.
Your comment is beyond juvenile.
Can't admit who was responsible can you - do you live in the GTA?
What about you, Robbins and Summers? Coinpurses nice and smooth?
Overreact much?
Yes, they certainly will increase our population quickly and easily. What do you know about population biology and ecology? Not much at all, obviously.
Bombast and nonsense' Principal tools of the Harper gang.
So much for equality?.
Who subsidizes your fire and police? Want a hint?
Logical thinking is not a strong point with many in the G&M Commentariat
Bitter and small-minded are appropriate adjectives to describe the Jones screed.
fewer obese people dressed in sweatpants.'... including the Mayor
The whole editorial - like the whole Konservative platform is putting the brightest shade of lipstick on the ugliest pig - and the back end of the pig at that.
You're telling me Canadians are bipolar! They need their Lithium dosage quickly.
Yes we have never seen such a bias media work so hard to drag this tired hag across the finish.'How come when I said the same thing in other articles against Trump I didn't get this many thumbs up??
Webbie, you are the problem now go away
The pensioners ARE the sponsors! Gt a grip, Art!
skipping your English as a second language class again ???
Speaking of morons you fit the bill.
France is war mongering again.
Too right! What a drama queen.
instability in Argentina -- who knew??
Perhaps clever Canadian academics could be offering to help?
Saunders noodles about 'Canadian apartment dwellers' from his elitist rookery in London.
JH....many of your posts are actually ramblings.
...more learned liberal advisors...'Not only learned, but even 'more learned'? Where have they been hiding all these years?
Here's your reality - Harper's gone (and good riddance!). Get over it.
How do you dream up the incessant nonsense? Harper is gone for good. Get over it.
This was a productive discussion before you joined in. Go back to sleep.
Yeah, right. Merit as defined by whom? By males, of course.
Again Jack, embarrassing commentary. You bring nothing to the conversation of value. Please either up your game or stay home.
It seems that Ms Wente has brought her war on drugs mantra from the US with her. 1964 (year she emigrated) is a long time to harbor outdated attitudes in a country that knows better, save for Hasrpers gang
It's a train wreck waiting to happen, I'm happy to say ...
How's that real estate speculation gig workin' for ya?
David too bad you never got out of grade 3.
Moon, Do you *really* need it spelled out to you?
why would Brad Wall save Ontario? There is no need to. Let Ontario drop.
This guy never signed up for Econ 101 in college...
Far right conservatism in trouble, progressive conservatism isn't.
Wrong!
We elect governments that do not allow the 'market' to operate, we've been raised to be socialists.
John, are you taking a break from your determined search for those WMDs in Iraq?
Correct thing'? Maybe for people like you who have been out to get the PM from day 1, but not for me, nor for anyone else who can see clearly.
Are you stuck in the 1950s?
Media monkey!
More like Trudeau's Fanzine.
Sarcasm at its finest - well done.
--well, --not_quite_no influence. Just enough to make us raise our hackles at the absurdities published at 'the Centre-of-the-Universe' in its' sublime ignorance of what's west of Lake Superior.
As if you know anything about terrorism or islamists. Get a grip.
Moronic comment, Jimmie.
If you honestly see the deceitful Cons as the 'best option' available I feel sorry for you.
Yes, they will be much happier being Putin's slaves.
If I had a son who was an incompetent president he'd look like...
It doesnt have to be hordes, a few as happened in UK, France, US. Deny all you want, they want to violently rule the world, or have you not been following what they are doing in Iraq?
And How many jihadists and sharia law proponents in the mix?
 however, I think the guy needs professional medical help'Detox?
you don't have to be one of the "useful idiots" to believe that this monument is a bad idea.
That's nice, sweetie, you keep thinking that
Another Liberal boodoggle
Keep telling yourself that.
Why, of course. How could I have been so stupid! They simply take 2.5% away from all the teachers and then give it back. Thanks for clearing that up, Friggate! Now, back to summer vacation, you!
Your assertions are unsupportable and misleading.
You never made it out of grade 3.
Doug is a typical SJW defending his cultural marxist agenda by calling anyone against it racists.
No, I'd say you are a typical Canadian.
Nothing? Is this action alone something? Try again?
Go back to your MRA goddess Christina Hoff Sommers.
Easy dear, just don't say anything
Bitter much?
Really. She reads like Patrick Brown's Communications Director.
Dopiest comment I see is "The science is settled," typically one of your favourites.
Tin foil hat crowd, if the shoe fits & it seems to fit you well Jack.
Not sad, Pat. Pathetic.
dude, im a Conservative making an argument that the CPC will win the next two elections with majorities. Perhaps you comprehension of writing is an issue here. Reread the comment, and save yourself a little dignity.
Nullify their passports and revoke their citizenship, and problem is solved since they never be able to come back to Canada again.
Sorry, By resorting to 'Reductio ad Hitlerum' your opinion is rendered irrelevant.
Come to Liberal Ontario - now that is the WORST government in the history of Canada by far..... sorry to burst your bubble.
Pierre Poutine.
Do you always celebrate amateurishness?
What a load of rubbish.
How to get under Harpers skin, vote Liberal.
And what good have you done, that would make you a judge.
lets go............ the sooner we get rid of this piece of filth the betterTime to take back Canada and her democracy
Jailed more like it.
Blithering eedjit.
Please learn to read
Grampa, you're demonstrating your lack of knowledge of the US healthcare system. Seems you're relying on the nonsense you're fed by the CBC on a regular basis.
What ARE they saying then? Enlighten us, Mr. Comprehension.
Are you saying no one in Canada has ever been attacked by wildlife?
And that fcker McGuinty committed us to 80 cent per kilowatt hour solar!!! What an absolute POS.
Yes - a truly naive piece of scribbling !
Wow. Perhaps the most uninformed, inflammatory, and bigoted column in some time by the old hag down the block. Pathetic.
Odd advice, then, from 'right wing war supporters', Sirencall. Not exactly a clarion call to arms.
Ali Ceste, please compare the status of Israeli women with that of women in the Muslim world and report back to us.
Self-hating liberal Jew - a stain on his brethren and his country.
Raskolnikov, Your hatred of Jews has evolved over time in its manifestations and disguises and one can see all three forms in abundance here. Read some history and maybe you'll understand a thing or two about reality. Your antisemitism is disgusting.
Thats the problem only Islam is being taught in schools. Muslims WILL NOT TOLERATE their children being taught any other religion
Not in the Conservatives family. You are not part of them.
Nothing but thinly disguised Christian Supremacy.
un autre qui n'a pas d't?te et il faut qu'il nous le fasse savoir
The Muslim apologists, and the Globe has three of them as editorial writers, are in overdrive to distract from where the real threats lie.
Surely you haven't forgotten Pierre Poilievre. They've done a goodd job of keeping him in hiding.
Surely your not suggesting this man was invincibly ignorant of Catholic teaching or was compelled to behave in the way he did?
From Russia with love...to Transgender in bathroom! Good move DJT.
According to NEWSWEEK, 'Border Wall Tied to Trump Transgender Ban'. http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/border-wall-tied-to-trump-transgender-ban-report/ar-AAoSxVS?li=BBnb7Kz
How do you progs become such extremists?
Islam teaches hate. Muslims need to be run out of this country. They are a disgusting death cult
its a jewish democracy, get over it, you and kerry are idiots
It's always a flukwing Jew, isn't it?
Republican controlled only in theory even Republicans can't stomach Cheetolini your religious SAVIOUR ... lol ... 'christians' are foul and evil as is evidenced by YOUR President :)
free trade, and unfettered shipping of jobs to places like india is what is pushing us into poverty, we have a moral obligation to help canadians before foreigners
Guy who wrote the bathroom bill loses to a transgender opponent.........delicious.
The Nazis killed 6 million Jews, the Republican Party thinks nothing of attempting to kill 30 million Americans.
Rodney Howard-Browne is a heretic and an embarrassment to Christianity.
How many vegans are transgendered?
Vote4Me: Sure, sure. No need to get too excited.
That's too ignorant to be worthy of a real answer.
This should be pretty simple for you to understand...
Thank you for sharing your sanctimonious rant.
Liberal party has already been charged with illegal robocalls. Try to pay attention.
How refreshingly void of content.
All the examples you give, are civil servants. Thanks for proving our point
Yes, it leads to a Breitbart webpage. Pffft.
Given that Trump has shown himself to be a narcissistic, lying, sexist, racist bigot, he DESERVES to be attacked. Certainly, no Christian should support him. Do you really believe he gives a damn about abortion?
What could be more clever than mocking the transgendered?   Are you 12 years old?  Pathetic.
If you are annoyed by it, you don't really understand it.
If their an obese transgender, do they get in?
It's because the editors don't know anything.
Muslims cannot emigrate to Japan
You are right, homeopathy has much in common with faith healing. Utter quackery.
He was teacher and a camp counselor. Those that can't - teach Perfect pedigree to run a convereted Muslim Communist country
Most military households say transgender people should get to serve
WOW  Jew hater nice
Stop living in the '40s Matt. The rest of us have moved on from this a long time ago...
Propaganda of homosexuality should be forbidden.
Does it say loser on it?
Maybe Harper can send you a free carton of cigarettes.
Support an independent CBC.
I’m trying to imagine you with a personality.
So brave of those who feel Bourque deserves another trial. I wonder how you would feel if you would lose a family member of your families. You would not give a damn about him of that I am sure.
you are so na?ve.
Canadians don't want a lisping prime minister who's probably bisexual.
Better he survived to deprive him of his vestal virgins in Islamic heaven.  Let rot in the calaboose!
If all the left has to offer are homophobic and misogynistic attacks on Leitch, she needs to be very careful.  A protest banner will soon lead to possible hate crimes from this bunch of left wing deplorables.
Nothing like starting the car and throw into gear right away at -20, this should do wonders to the tranny and engine.
Anything I have commented on I have seen first hand. For the record my respect is earned... No doubt a foreign concept to a second nations supporter.
Ascalepius, I doubt it. Hahahhahahahahhaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.
Jews are scared because the terrorists lobbing bombs and launching rockets on Israel, are gaining ground in Europe.
If you knew anything about the Bible you wouldn't make such a foolish statement.
It's cute when you try and do man things.
Just leave and go on with your life dude, wtf
I've never noticed that kindergartners have (trans) gender hang-ups. If they do though, don't worry, they'll likely outgrow it once they've moved beyond functional illiteracy. How's that going for you, 4:20?
Islamic radicals, like mad dogs, bite themselves, along with everyone & everything else.
Especially the United Way and it's member agencies!
Here is a thoughtful critique of the TV show in question from a trans blogger: https://sexdrugsmh.wordpress.com/2017/01/13/thoughts-on-transgender-kids-who-knows-best/
Free enterprise will always be with us
Not sure if you're willfully blind to your attitude, or if you really don't know what condescension means.
If it walks like a duck, quacks like a duck, chances are it’s a duck
Pifco, You're so gallant, you'd look good even in a straight jacket.
It would seem that Globe readers - from reading this response to Doug's story - are the most easily misled on the planet.
The Christian right should be up in arms, but they already made their deal with the devil...
Mike, you are definitely gay. Face it.
Right back atcha!  Alinsky tactic...demonize the opposition and accuse that side of exactly what your side is doing.  Obama was great at it...just that most people saw thru it.  Great!  I'm glad you support Christian observances in our schools.  There's hope for us all.
Author of this hitpiece is a Jew. Enough said.
Hey military hater, join up, become a REAL MAN, are you a transgender freak? military does not want you; not sorry.  be quiet............................ :)
Sounds like they sold their souls and principles
$84 million on Viagra and Cialis, $8 miilion on Transgender according to a Rand Corporation study conducted in 2016.
The. Transgender pervert republicans need to be sent home , replaced immediately !
and your post take first prize for absurdity.
Veritates, if you hometown is in Ukraine perhaps you should go over there and do what you feel necessary - dragging Canada into this issue is irresponsible.
What does this have to do with the corruption talked about in the article?  Are you saying that the entire US Navy has been corrupt since 1967?  Why do you hate Jews because of what President Johnson did?  Was he Jewish?
Muslims do not assimilate. Muslims infiltrate. It is called 'Hijrah' (jihad by immigration).
What do you expect from a Liberal media shill.
Defund organizations that discriminate against Love Saxa. It is a Catholic Institution and should follow Catholic tenets. If the priests in charge, do not enforce this, summarily remove them
And why would anybody with a high calibre of leadership and knowledge touch Ontario with a ten foot pole ?
Cassandra: Now that you are mocked in the Trudeau stories, I see that you are hanging out with your second love i.e. jew bashing
Aren't Porta Potties transgender?
Uganda had the death penalty until 2013 when they moderated their stance and only sentence gay people to life in prison now. So, I guess you win, Duque, don't you?
well well well, look what the cat dragged in
You mean it was Richard's venue.
Meanwhile, on the military transgender front...
What was it Jesus said to 11 other men again? - 'You will all lose faith.' Those 11 went on to show themselves to be weak, cowards, unbelievers and..... the greatest saints of our Church.  'Can anything good come out of.... Germany?'
So who are you to determine what forms of correction are legitimate? You must have some qualification beyond being a busybody liberal.
ZayWhat, No harm to society as a result of open use of pot. But slow death for an economy based on slave wages.
Are you a muslim Alceste?
Belief in god is dying fast. Thank god.
Very na?ve, I'm afraid.
There are other ways to protect your home - martial arts, for example
GDP grew during the financial melt down of 2008 and onwards? Now who's drinking the coolaid.
Gay rights are more than marriage. But yes, if you are against gay marriage, you're a bigot. And you are a bigot. Roskell.
so basically you're fantisizing about getting a legal reason to kill someone. You are a horrible person
Canadians won't be in a position to say 'we have made amends' for at least a generation AFTER the government has demonstrated it is treating aboriginal people with respect. That has only just started after a decade of going backwards.
He'd feel as safe as he did in the broom closet.
You look into people's eyes
The UN is sacred and all things Holy to Canadian liberals, never forget it.
...And how are the French doing on integration of their Muslim minority...?
Not even a tenth of one percent of students are transgendered.  D I S T R A C T I O N
a catholic priest molested children?  Surprise, surprise, surprise.
my, aren't we a special snowflake?
Trudeau and his feel good government are weak kneed. The Americans will walk all over us for the next four years.
how shameful, a jew practising eugenics
You're so rad. What's the point of being Catholic if one can't angst over one's salvation?! :)
The financial sink hole of the UN makes the Wynne Government look positively Thatcherite in its austerity.
Patience is a virtue.
It has always been thus.
But there were quite a few Jewish scientists in the Manhattan Project so blame away with irrelevancies.
your days are numbered there is blood on your hands!
The best thing the Ontario Liberals have going for them is Tim Hudak, the master at campaigning for opposition leader.
Muslims...driving the wedge into the log, one stroke at a time.
Marx, That is obviously not true, and it says a great deal about you to even suggest it.
Oh no -- are they doing that stupid Pokemon thing too?
Go easy on the Salt Ms Wente, we need you healthy and vibrant.
You have our sympathy and support.
Empathy. Compassion. Intelligence.
Proud Boys, sounds like a gay porn movie.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PeXVP7TlSxY  Muslim Feminism for real.
Islam triumphant. yeah,  Oh boy.   Liberals, feminist, natives, LGBT  and socialists will love that.
So transgender folks are like everyone else?  There's hope for you yet...
Bay Anderson go take your meds granny
Her Catholicism was warp and woof of her writing.
No, it/she is hiding in shame.
Yep, that's sanctimonious, Sanctimonious.
You should be ashamed for writing such a hateful post and quoting the bible is particularly vile in this case.
Thank goodness for that. Now if the could only remove Catholic from their name and all would be well.
It does teach decency, good morals, and respect for others. Have you read it?
Do it yourself then....if you dare.
Bannon has already returned to harassment of Jews.
Keith D LaRiviere are you referring to the trillion dollar give away, please sit down and read
Ah the Christian taliban speaks!
In fairness, the COUNTRY isn't second class. Just the current government, and I'd say calling them second-class is a compliment of extravagant proportions. Really, they are class-less, as in devoid of all class.
If I understand your comment correctly you are right.  'Strident professed militant Catholic' is their self proclaimed mission.  The group think is on their part and it's powerful in keeping them in the fold and donating money.
the conservatives do not have to embaress trudeau, the shiny pony is doing a fine job all on his own
Kinda like what is happening with Muslim terror immigration. As we lean more and more about the plots by Muslim terror immigrants to hurt us. You all support further Muslim immigration Something very sick is in your heads
Just a matter of time for all women to be obligated to get covered up and hidden up veils to not offend Muslims. They are winning .
Aren't all gays female friendly?
That only works when vermin like Muslims aren't involved in the mix.
Reality has a Liberal bias...
I missed that part of his speech where he used the three words he blasted President Obama for not using, please point me to the time in the speech where he directly used the term 'Radical Islamic Terrorists'.  Thanks :)
JHsassYou are free to volunteer for the 14 year prison sentence.
As long as you like Liberal party propaganda.
How ignorant! No wonder Catholics are leaving the church.
It was a poll done recently by a liberal jewish group and it was all over the news. Among the jewish youth: it was about 80%. The same jewish group support the UN resolution
No one would dare say that the Prime Minister endorses unethical activities...'I'll say it...loudly!
kind of like lawyers, eh?
This must be what Harper's minions on the back bench do to stay awake.
Konrad isn't going to get an invitation to the inauguration of anyone even if it's held in Wilno or Barry's Bay!
You actually read that rant?
I bet if she was a Nun you would have more respect.
AS BAD AS THAT IS IT IS BETTER THAN HALF BREED MUSLIMS!
A Trans man is a man that wishes he was a woman. Grasp the concept
Is the cosmic Jewish zombie baby snow white, or did they bother to find a doll with some color?
You will absolutely love the women's rights perspective of those deluging Europe now. See Sweden the rape superpower with Germany catching up.
You speak for your wife, do you? I guess you white Christian men know how to keep them under control, no burkas required!
Every sperm is sacred? The little whimpers of each sperm must make you cry
The first step on a long road to restoring democratic institutions and responsible government based on the rule of law and respect for the governed comes on October 19th. Carthago delenda est!
Maybe better than lying and cheating
Russia as a whole is hostile to homosexuals.
Clueless! I see you still are!
@quazz Your panties are in a bunch
jesus, you are taking this very hard
Amen. Your decency shines through
Why the Chinese are brighter than the Jews
not an argument.
Jesus blowing freaks are a curse on education.
If Trudeau's government pushes forward with this, and the items mentioned in the 'open government' article, I will have massive respect for him and the federal Liberals. That they are promising to do this is very, very encouraging.
There is no such thing as secular values. Maybe that's why?
Ya where is the gender equality there??
excellent, Quinn is a complete dolt.
As your post demonstrates, Civil Comments has disabled the civility filter for the folks who were complaining about too many Catholic posts. Along with adding blocking, that puts things more or less back where they were with Disqus.
Someday Lorna is going to tell us how important Christians among us - yes, even our most eminent churchgoing government leaders - practice the ethics and moral purpose that they take from the good book. But I will not hold my breath in the interval.
Protestants? Jews?
Amen brother
Fake Senator, Fake Tories, Fake Christians...
Muslim prayers are certainly something to be afraid of.
Gay pornography?
Nope. We do NOT want to revisit the ideas of women's freedom and equality, thank you very much.
Is this 'Jewish diatribe' your best effort? Have a coffee and think out something better.
The moral authority speaks, the robo's dance and vote.
I provided many examples of transgender people going back for quite some time, thousands of years. Don't assume. Read the links. In India the Hijra have records going back 4000 years. The evidence is out there. It helps to read it.
Too many left wing loons running this country. We are doomed.
I'm a lesbian trapped in a man's body.'  Might work.
I won't be waiting. Liberals have turned fence sitting into an artform.
You are a mere 180 degrees off.
who cares
Harper-crites unite!
Well, 'everyone' is wrong. ISIL is a sideshow. Assad is the greater evil and Canada should have no part of any deal that accepts any role for Assad.
Orthotoxic faux Christianity NEEDS to be warred against.
Well, aren’t we just a ray of frigging sunshine.
What can be more 'balanced' than a white transgender female and a black straight male?
That's pretty presumptive and not very Christian of you, you hater.
Having a gay husband?
Surely the catholic church should concentrate on it's dwindling numbers and paedophiles
Justin and Adams deserve each other - political opportunists
Catholic' scholars? A laughable assertion, that. Thank goodness no one reads or listens to the National 'Catholic' Reporter anymore.
Holy mother of god what a dunce
but still an Islamic terrorist
Deception is an integral part of the Muslim Brotherhood's modus operandi.
Thanks for the little dose if common sense
Today's realities'... please, these realities were imposed upon these people who were doing just fine and would continue to thrive not for our destructive intervention. Now it is the duty of Canadians to make these people whole.
Homosexual 'marriage' is a public sinful act, recognized as such by the Canon Law and leading de facto to excommunication
Damn lies.
Muslim Terrorist Attack.
How can a Twit explain any-thing?
...and trans people should be given bingo cards that have numbers that are not in the hopper. That's the way to stay happy and blessed.
BURKE - the face of Roman Catholic Fascism!
Science has no place in a Wente rant.
And the Danes are known as the happiest folks in the world because you don't live there.
ya buddy... its those cats.... its not the pollution or the chemicals.. its the cats..
True political leadership is admitting you took a bribe.
Hagiography ....HA !!Too funny.
How long have you been Gay?
That is very, very not smart. Illegal invaders are not a protected class.  Gays are a part of a protected class in Colorado, but that does not mean they are afforded extra rights, that is silly. If this were a test you would have failed.
Catholic trolls...who knew?
You are being really fucking nasty about this
Yea, but is she going to toe the party line and promote transgendered, sexual dysphoria to our first graders?
Thank you, bookmark... will spread... Cheers Miles,
There is no Muslim cemetery in Quebec.
You don't even realize how stupid your comment is ---- do you? LOL You are clueless about who the indictments were for or you would not have made the comment you did.
And all the arguments used are valid.
A vacuous comment from a simple mind.
If Cosby was Muslim the comments would be closed   ;)
Thank God I am gay and dont have to deal with women.
Great work on the part of the Arcy MP! Great timing! I'm thrilled to know that our law enforcement officers support Adolph Harper's overthrow of what I once thought was an ideal country. The ideologues have us!
we dont need transphobic left wing fanatics here. thanks.
What does that have to do with transgender people in the military?
I think Margaret Wente did a wonderful job in pointing out how malicious feminists can be; and the need for a reasonable approach in dealing with this matter
Simply, why would the Liberals tie themselves to a sinking (NDBBQ) ship? The Liberals have far more upside, and the NDBBQ has only downside....come the next election..
... ain't you Republicans all about restricting Freedoms and Liberties of others??!!  Ask a transgender VET to their faces.  Dare ya.
Leadership, PMZ, Ohhhh hahahahah..
Good grief, the thing has found an opening for its drool.
Anyone who professes to be a christian and supports Donald Trump is both a hypocrite and an idiot.
Catholic Social Services and City Government created cesspool.
You're lonely yes, gay no.
Some aside...you tell such outrageous lies and now it's, 'jews by some estimates killed more germans than germans killed jews.'. I find your posts to be mostly phony BS but this one is simply disgusting. 'Have you no decency, sir?'  Two words - The Holocaust.
So all the preaching  in the mosque about extermination of Jews doesn't bother him?
BROohthor  As Christians, are we are not called to stand opposed to ALL (euthanasia) of what is going on with this.  kevin your brother In Christ
Go cry to mommy.
Are you so naïve that you think the Muslims in this country really care what we think?  They just up their birth rate and bide their time.
To see a preview of 'Fractured Land' or to donate to it's production: www. indiegogo.com/fracturedland
Psychology is post-christian-rubbish.
Is an 'independent mind' at liberty to breach a 'sacred trust'? -- especially a Pope's. We'll see if Benedict XVI is capable of producing more theological masterpieces in the future.
Tell that to the Ethiopian Sephardic Jews
Oh yes we awful conservatives, only one solution. Put us all in zee camps und stoking up zee ovens.
This is an extremely bright, ambitious, competitive woman who would love nothing more than to exceed her predecessor's time in office.'Sorry... you lost me after the first comma.
Typical Harper bullying....Seems to work fer domestic relations......Let's give 'er a go fer foreign relations......If it don't work we can run and hide......like at home. Get right on that John....why do you think I keep you around!
So f?hlt sich der Reichspropagandaminister stark genug, in seiner Position, die F?hrung der Partei die Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiter-Frage zu stellen.
6 Canadians were killed in Burkina Faso not that long ago... they want to harm you in Ottawa, Ouagadougou, Nice, or New York.
DaleyI like the idea of ' getting over it ' with a Scot.. Maybe while we enjoy a three finger sampler of the national beverage.. And consider questions like... If I'm a white guy in Ontario will my kids qualify to be a ' national minority' Argh!
I am not sure what is silly, and if there is any story in what I wrote. You write about "deniers in the same tone as Inquisition spoke about heretics. Interesting. Just confirms my impression of climate change as new religion.
No - he does not dither - see Cuba - the GOP wont let him do a thing otherwise.
Joe, Joe, Joe... Try reading a newspaper or a book published outside Ontario my ignorant friend. Nobody cares about Mike Duffy west of Ontario - we just expect that kind of behaviour from the centre of our universe. BTW, have YOU tried crack?
Actually, he gave it away with the GST cuts -- the corporate tax cuts were simply a continuation of the plan initiated by the Liberals.
It should be remembered that ?Nations have no permanent friends or allies, they only have permanent interests.?
OH! What a marvellous idea!! All we'd have to do is firmly and strictly declare something like a War on Drugs.......Wait...
In this specific case it doesn't matter at what point you define the moment of death. The first volley of shots was lawful, even if it meant Sammy was killed by them. The second volley of shots was not lawful, even if Sammy had survived.
See how valuable an education is? Now you're able to accurately describe the poverty you find yourself in.
Hopefully, some of these more secular Israelis will end up in Canada.'Why?
Margaret says the battle is over? Ask the bigots at trinity western, or the BC gov.
Take their guns away and these cowards wouldn't last the day.
President Dwight Eisenhower arrived at Union Station on a visit during the Second World War.'Huh? What was Eisenhower president of during WWII? The Elks club?
At last someone trotting out facts instead of armchair prejudices.
https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2015/11/06/statement-president-keystone-xl-pipeline No, he didn't.
'The Israeli snipers ( male and female) had a reputation for a lack of patients.''''Perhaps you are thinking of Israeli army doctors.
Just maintain residency at your parents house. and come back and visit occasionally. Problem solved bleeding heart.
It's nice when a poster's punctuation mirrors the quality of their thoughts.
Rob Ford does not have the attention span to write editorials.
Won? Have you been sleeping under a rock since 1975? And why would you want to change the culture? Nothing wrong with the Vietnamese.
Mr Paladin, the framers were, no doubt, well versed in the English language which you, evidently, are not. Try not to read things into a passage which exist neither in fact nor intent.
Rather a silly remark there, watchlist.
How about the young getting off their butts and voting and/or ( gasp ) campaigning on behalf of their interests ?!The likes of Marx, Lenin, Hitler were also 'inspiring' !
I understand the Liberal government will be bestowing two (2) taxpayer funded nannies each upon every wealthy trust fund family,
Not so much biased as clueless!
A truly twisted article by an obviously deeply wounded far right-wing academic.
But he is releasing his autobiography shortly so we will know what he has accomplished. It will likely be full of big words to make up for his short resume or what passes as deep thinking by JT.
Kevin O'leary Plays right in to the premier's hands. He may be loud. By She is much smarter then Kevin could even dream of being.
No country deserves someone like trump. However, the gop does.
Now happily the Conservatives can be consigned to their well earned oblivion.
I don't agree with this (IMHO and all that, it ought to be done at the high school level) and, sorry, my comments do not exhibit 'the ugliness that ignorance produces'. I'll leave the irony of your comment to the reader to contemplate.
if only we had a true head of state to slap hapers wrist. But we dont. We have a toad appointed by harper, acting as a rubber stamp for the other inbred rubber stamp who lives in an english castle and whose great grandson just pushed new teeth.
I would happy see him at the end of a rope, in his spare time he was making bombs to use against Canadian forces, you do remember those pictures of him ? Want to tell that to some of our dead troops
 .. They invite criminals and inspire crime.... 'And without a casino there would be no criminals or crime ?!
what will happen to your race if you don't produce more children?'My race is the human race. There are 7 billion of us. I'm not worried./discussion.
Ya but in Ontario the LIberals only rip off the tax payer. The Kadhar family rips off the country.
That's right, take your ball and go home... typical Con.
I doubt anyone in Toronto has a brain, especially Simpson.
Trudeau: 'go ahead, watch me'Harper: 'Its too dark in here'
Please do not share facts. Right-wingers are uninterested. Although you can focus on his wig or how he is junior George W Bush. THAT they dot on.
PAS?' It doesn't need to be a physician. A nurse practitioner with a specialty in MAD?medically assisted dying?would do just as well and for less money. Whenever an article on MAD uses the word 'suicide,' I sense the menacing influence of religion.
So that encompasses whiny non smokers as well?
So, what are you trying to say?
I wonder if Clinton will cry in public if she's ever indicted.
Gramps Maybe stay in your room with the lights out and you will feel safer.
Yeah, Harper can go to Helm.
the Senate has a vote in this... HaHaHaHAAAAAHAAAAAAHAAAAArper!
How about holding West and Saudis accountable.
Trudeau will regret his quote (said many times): 'Mr. Harper wants you to believe thereare terrorists behind every tree, under every rock'. Unfortunately, it just takes ONE treeor ONE rock to do serious damage. A boy in charge, how sad.
You were marketed to by the unions during the election. You bought it, and you're still buying it.
WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!'Stephen Harper doesn't like us after we lie about him every day!'Time for an All You Can Eat Hunger Strike!
How can one work with 'silly'?
If they return to Canada they can vote. If they remain abroad for 5+ years how is that 'valuable perspective' helping Canada?
Judging by your thumbs down, you must have touched a raw nerve with the Ontario Liberal apoloigists.
LOL....when was India's history so illustrious?
LRT Battle is lostmove on to fight other battles another day city and province and federal are now aboard the subway train don't waste leftist energy fighting futile causeslick your leftist wounds and get over it
WARD NEEDS ANOTHER DRINK
LOL the writer 'admires' these things about Canada.. but has chosen to live in the USA and continues to live there.. for 'some reason'even with the 'promising' PM Photo- OP..when she does not have to live with the consequences..
It's not calling a spade a spade that's wrong, it's putting huge numbers of very different groups under your spade that is the problem. And if you discard an argument as hooey you make a display of yourself as blind and deaf.
What is the G&M's motive behind displaying 10 comments at a time? To inflate number of hits and extract more money from advertisers.
I fart whenever I want........just cannot control it.....When you say, Wynn I fart....when I read Wynn, I fart, When I see Wynn on the TV, I fart
Natives don't need 'accountability.' Show us the money 'Apparently that is NOT what the bands' auditors had to say, but I guess they must be wrong and racist as well?
The West tolerates China because they are the manufacturer of the world, like they tolerate Saudi Arabia because that country has oil.
Elect either of the other two nanny-state, tax & spend jokers and, trust me, the economy under the Tories will seem like economic Nirvana! Lol
Never. Progressives have a double standard.
Really - someone pays you to post this drivel or do you sit around all day waiting for inspiration? BTW - it's kumbaya and it means Come By Here (Lord). That song really should be right up your alley as you and Steve hold hands and sway.
My favourite Republican quote of the past week: 'Democrats haven't been this angry... Since we freed their slaves '
copper5 - if you see this as 'done' now you are very, very naive.
OH! What a marvellous idea!! All we'd have to do is firmly and strictly declare something like a War on Drugs.......Wait…
Is America better off and the planet safer?'Only a hack would offer up this question, as though some doubt might exist about the answer.
For Canada?s foreign-policy elite....'Nice of you to put the straw man of your argument in your first sentence.
Yes, he basically said that ordaining homosexuals gave rise to child diddlers.
Another 'No Brainer' moment for the Harperoids.
Get the right team behind you, the answer is, Yeah, you can. "teamwork": it'll be nice to have a country governed by that again.
Typical Harper Hate Machine fear mongering.
Care to back that up with a credible link?
And that you mention Vietnam and the Phillipines in your list tells me you need to brush up'Not then. Now.
So now the american majority are 'facists' who have lost their way? Does democracy mean anything to you? Please remove this author and her negativity from this paper.
Not even close. Trudeau cleaned house when he took the reins. A foolish move by any measure, but for this one.
60 years of involvement and the politicians are all the same. The task of a new government is to find new ways of interfering in our lives. We are now a fascist country. Anybody want evidence?
So, as long as Ms. Wente disagrees with the MP(s) being muzzled, then its okay. Like any of those anti-abortion legislation would have had a hope in hell of passing in the House, anyway.
Who suggested that prospective immigrants do NOT have the right to opinions about Canada?
Not only knew the game but tried to fix the outcome with the help of the MSM. It's the best measure of just how much Americans hate the Clinton mob
Killed by people who were safe where they were, but preferred risking the lives of their children out of greed.
Is this reheated leftover some sort of bellwether piece the Globe is floating to gauge their readers' interest in examining the 'Ford Fenomena'?It's no big mystery to anyone paying attention and it's been done to death
 . . . there will be tens of thousands of Canadians if not more who will identify with him. And they will vote for him in droves again and again.'You mean if you're nuts you'll vote Liberal?
Well KaelThas, good parents don't fight over their children. If you spent a fortune feeding some venal lawyer, you have only yourself to blame.
How, exactly, are you impacted if new Canadians swear their loyalty to Canada rather than to the British monarch?
Thanks for the belly laugh, festina!
To voters that care about actual matters, like trade or not starting WWIII, being a "misogynistic bigot" is somewhere near the bottom of the list.
Now go write a post about the medical experiments and sexual abuse that Canadians subjected its minorities to. Or do you have too much invested in trying to keep it quiet from the rest of the world.
You keep patting yourself on the back, confident that you're so much more, '. . . thoughtful, more unselfish, and more empathetic than are conservatives.'
girl'?'peggy'?Sexist enough Philly? Maybe we do need a woman in the White House
And you are wearing yesterdays underwear? Yikes! Probably Depends.
Yah and while he is at it let's stop the Catholic Church from discriminating against women once and for all!
Perhaps she gets away with it because her view is correct? In m opinion it is, so chew on that for a while. And while you are at it stop inflicting your own 'twisted and warped opinion of morality' on us.
Nonsense. The same circular logic could apply to the other parties.
Yep, there is no middle ground with Wynne liberals, you are either for them or in the "dark ages," because they can do no wrong. And if monkeys had wings they'd fly out my butt.
[brigade of Nazi Re-education Specialists] You are fulfilling Godwin's Law and I claim my five dollars.
Interesting reasoning. No doubt you feel we should apply it in cases of human suffering as well. When disasters strike, when famines hit, when wars are afoot... if there's too many victims to treat them all humanely, we should euthanize them. Right?
A blue wall ?How about Trump finally has to face some educated voters ?
That depends on when the next suitable gender feminist martyr episode arrives.
Anyone who has ever driven through, for example, Utica NY will understand why Trump succeeded.'Potholes???
iski99: The statement you quote is quite stunning and it's even more startling that about one-third of Canadians don't appear troubled by this at all. You have to wonder how much more of this government Canadians can tolerate.
You're likely right... but will there be any evidence?
The further to the ' Left' a country or province votes the greater the disaster... look at France. Why is it that so many electorates, when unhappy and facing adversity, vote for the 'sounds good Leftists' only to find their miseries compounded.
To speak the truth can be so immature and childish to those who refuse to think! To add some truth, you could have mentioned that Harpo's presence in the building is shameful enough!
D-girl1Hmmm.....Perhaps you're too young to get the point I was trying to make..
Says the opinion collected from voters at the advance poll and the strong trend toward registered democrats among the mail in ballots. None have been counted but it is a trend that favours the Democrats.
If anything this piece suggest the immigrants are bringing the country up, not down,'Bingo!
Sounds like severe ladies' troubles to me, Pifco.
Looking forward to his slogans 'Stop the Lying Crackhead' or 'Respect for Moral People'
Talk about your 1%er problems. Your kid got fired because she thought she was above the law. Wonder where she got that idea? Get over it.
More garbage drivel from the Globe and Star.
Well I call him Mr. Senategate this week not the Emperor. Harper is fishing for consumer votes with the EU. Prices will stay the same as no one will pass on the savings to consumers.
Free speech in Canada? You gotta be kidding!!!. Say the wrong thing that offends some minority group and you will be hauled before one of these 'human rights' tribunals.
because they have freedom of expression
The epitaph on Klein's tomb should read, 'Dear God, let there be another oil boom and I promise not to pi$$ it away this time.'
In what way has the US 'taken responsibility' for the MSF hospital strike? What has it done, specifically, over and above what everybody already knew-- that they were responsible?
This province absolutely cannot risk another 4 years of NDP rule.'------Uh, when was the previous '4 years of NDP rule' in Alberta? How did I miss that? Did you cut those Modern Canadian History classes?
Brian is part of the corporate elite and we must listen to them!
To tick people like you off. And it's not stupid, nor sarcasm. It merely points out the end result of applying retroactive laws.
portia, Trump took quite an interest in young things.
The good people of this country who have trouble making ends meet will have a difficult time with wealthy people who would fire their hard working employees to save a few bucks.
dream on-Bush's SAT score of 1206 correlates with a 95th percentile IQ or a corrected IQ of around 125that kid wouldnt even be closeHe got his mothers smarts ............not his fathers
Yes, Siren, and Trudeau is Catholic; Paul Martin attended Catholic church every Sunday. I know, how dare some have a spiritual life? You 'progressives' are so closed minded. C.
What's the difference between your comments about Muslim refugees and Charlotte Whitton's views of Jewish refugees in 1939? Well done for exposing your true nature and lack of any Canadian values or characteristics.
If there was a free-for-all in the content consumption world, what role would the CRTC continue to have? I think that may be why the CRTC is flogging its dead horse -- to appear to be industrious and relevant.
Willad87'it seems I've heard that song before.....it's from an old familiar score'Can you back up your comment about refining locally not being profitable with some facts please?
In no uncertain terms, this is the most mundane article I have ever read. Trudeau should stop global warming because kids don't play enough outdoor hockey?! Doesn't the Globe have an editor or something.
Corporatist'....the lexicon of a follower of Noam Chomsky....one of the dumbest people to ever walk the face of the earth (other than Karl Marx)
You're totally ignoring the elephant in the room... population growth is occurring in the third world. What do you want done about it?Genocide?Forced sterilization?
The Canadian Voter - beleive me- was considered to be be a bunch of sheep who could be shepherded by the messiah Harper. now the truth is out in the open - the Canadian voters are not a bunch of sheep and Harper is a sitting duck.
Left of RightYou are proving my point by attempting to be dismissive. This is not about the fashion industry. It's about weak men still trying to put women 'in their place'. Like you.
Troll. Hey Harper isn't PM.
What bunk. It's gone from lets legalize pot because it's the right thing to do to how much can we make off it. Just legalize it now and work out all the details later. And Justin, in the meantime please call off your RCMP thugs.
I think you could say the same for Liberals and Catholics.
Where is the outrage from Danish tourist to this story?
What's Jay Sherman blathering on about?
If all you crave in a woman is a wet t-shirt or a bikini then you are a pig....sigh...hey buddy my eyes are up here...
 A rose by any other name smells as sweet....' Call them what you like. It changes nothing.
Red herring alert.
Are you expecting a guarantee that it should meet with your approval?
Far outnumbered by the misogynists.'---------------------------So if your not a feminist, you're a misogynist?
Great article. Big Pharma, advertising, commercials, books, chat shows, etc all focus on 'what's wrong with me/us'? it's all about making $$.
What about the presstitutes? Lets legalise them too.
Speaking of tools. It's arsenal.
Actually it was developed by lefties to make fun of each other for the ever changing "correct" language in lefty circles. And just like Saul Alinsky, it was co-opted and turned in to a right wing meme and hobby horse.
Read the post and think a little harder, RW.
Where is death to Harper mentioned Lazy Beaver 1's chatter ? Death may only be in your ability to read and to reason. Not disgusting, just pathetic.
Also, Robert Nixon and Stephen Lewis (particularly) were gutless.
No more hate filled than you, for backing the wrong horse.
Well, Pierre Trudeau inherited a country that had the 2nd highest GNP per capita in the world (tied with Sweden) and ran it down to 14th or so. So there's competition.
You can't help it if you're ignorant of the law and one's legal rights - you're just one of the mob and need it to think for you.
hard core separatists who stay in Canada...?and what does 'arrogant to a distraction' actually mean? vraiment!!! You sound a little anti-francophone to me. Perhaps if Justin changed his last name to Waterhole you'd vote for him lol.
Check out the guys record on truth of statements he makes. He is lying about 78% of the time. http://www.politifact.com/personalities/donald-trump/
Dad, as he undoes his belt to deliver a (much needed) swat: go ahead and call them, son... the Liberals haven't made good on their vow yet!!
They'd have that money if they would drop their feeble attempts at comedy that are really cleverly disguised attacks on whatever government is in power (at all levels) in the form of satire.
Unless you are speaking English. Then it's "Hail Harper."
While the right wraps itself in religion and claim to have a monopoly on patriotism.
cberk, Common sense - you should try it sometime.
I am not sure about this decision , I am afraid of 'mission creep' but once our forces are engaged every Canadian will back them and hope and pray there will be no body bags coming home.
Every day Trudeau-lite proves how unfit he is to lead the country, let alone the Liberals, well, perhaps not he latter.
I see a real problem with this article, if every minority is over represented due to political expediency we will run out of cabinet positions! No problem for the Trudeau liberals. Like Doritos, we'll make more.
TWF - mind your own business.
What this means for Hillary is that she can finally dump that Arkansas Cracker she's been stuck with for the last four decades.
if CSIS will only arrest you if you are telling the truth, you have no worries
Really, only one question. Given the fact that basically the only 'promise' this government has fulfilled is that we won't recognize Canada when Harper's through, why would anyone believe anything outlined in this budget?
You don't seem to know who appointed whom
If we don't sell them the ordinance, some-one else will, has to be the laziest ethical cop out argument. Why not just say we will sell them the ordinance. All consequences be damned, and the devil take the...
more then 50% of BC voters are saying yes. I don't know where your getting this no from.
Adscam or 'pump-your-own-tires' scam... different out-houses, same smell.
Or use their time to hang out with an MP dying of cancer in order to expedite their transition to government.
30% debt to GDP ratio1% deficit to GDP ratioGreeece: Debt: 250% Debt to GDP ratioDeficit: 10% Deficit to GDP ratioYes, clearly we are exactly the same.
Hysterical: deriving from or affected by uncontrolled extreme emotion or relating to, associated with, or suffering from hysteria
Translation: Canadian Foreign Aid will be delivered by teaching Peruvians to rape their land for profit, which will be largely enjoyed by Canadian Mining Corporations. Steve also thinks there's a nice enslavable Native population there, too.
China apologist=======LOL I always say I am Chinese here. Why should I apologize for myself? Being a Chinese is much better than being a Canadian. We Chinese are just not used to be licking ...
So we'll ignore the non-Christian historians like Josephus, who wrote 2000 years ago, and who talk about Jesus and his crucifixion. Even if you don't want to believe in him as God, there is a lot of historical backing that he was a real person.
Bob Beal Nonsense, and you should not say such things.+++++++++++++++++++++++++++Actually, its utterly true and historically correct - they also engaged in taking slaves. Do some reading...
The corporations are mere amateurs when it comes to politicians pitching 'stupidity' wrapped up un the latest partisan mantra of FREE social services, health care, education, blah, blah, fiddle, faddle, jobs ... vote for ME ....
We give away that oversight when we elect governments whose main pitch is to serve public sector employees, for example Dalton McGuinty in Ontario, whose brain trust has now migrated to Ottawa in support of a doey-eyed political heir.
Why do the countries that lead in the War on Terrorism kill more civilians than the 'terrorists' do?
So you've missed all the information over the last, oh, couple of hundred years on the social construction of racism, sexism, classism, capitalism, ....
Though homophobia certainly still lurks in clubhouse culture, ...'Evidence please, or is it just presumed because it's all male.
Why the extremes with your thinking? It seems to me, with you its either conversion therapy or full on transitioning with no middle ground. Full on transitioning is in itself just another form of extreme conversion therapy
What if the terrorist wannabe plans to attack Egypt and is imprisoned in Egypt shall we also mind our own business and not provide consular services, which ultimately means more taxes too much of this going on lately
Say, JD, maybe you can let also readers know what the Christians, the Jews, the Buddhists and the Hindus will be up to as well. Or stick to what you know, the bigots and fools.
As opposed to the regurgitation by Marcus Gee by repeating Deluce speaking points which are outright lies? You obviously did not read the City staff's report which overwhelming recommended deferral until a lot of unanswered questions get answered.
The law only applies to some Canadians and not others. That is the joke. He's saying yes i know these laws are corrupt and unjust but we will keep doing.
Buzzb .....Healthcare is a Provincial responsibility........Good...............than SCRAP the Canada Health Act and get Ottawa OUT of provincial jurisdiction..
Bottom feeders ? It takes one to know one.
Sudia Arabia has behead hundreds of prisoners. But, we're allied with them.
"Look no one is suggesting that Clinton is perfect...." That's good because Hill is the most corrupt US Presidential candidate EVER...
[The US needs a change and Donnie has the diaper full to do it. ] The US is in trouble, no doubt. But Trump is the kind of change you go for if you've got nothing left to lose. America has an awful lot left to lose, and Trump will lose it for them.
This may surprise you but Harper lies.
You left out these, all from comments on this thread:'fascists''unelected judges''Junior''LIB propaganda''in your subsidized apartment ''criminal's paradise''sharia law''Bob Rae'That's (ahem) 8 for me. ;-)
He only called Rosie O'Donnell a slob ? which will win the Donald a lot of votes.
Your infantile style is unmistakable -- I bet that you and your buddies miss your old playpen at the Sun.
No, they hate everyone else from outside their borders!'The immigrant vote' along with ridiculous language laws.
Because she is a Dalton McGuinty Liberal.
Not worth 100k/yr not even close, the way you lefties talk you have completely lost touch with reality. You know the starting wage for an engineer is 65-70k/yr.... Ask me how I know...
All of the intelligent people are behind Trump? Broad brush much?
Why do the Harperites all fail to address actual issues in favour of bashing their opponents? Oh, right - it's what you've got.
a weaker democracy, a polarized electorate' remind me of Harper's government
I think you mean David Frum. Although he is a bit of glum and grim from which you perhaps get, Grum.
I find the Calgary Flames name to be extremely homophobic and I am outraged. And don't forget about the Green Bay Packers!
Guess you missed the hatred during the referendum, conveniently so I might add.
There's 'no point' going from self-absorbed to a concern for the grandkids, eh kai2? Particularly if there are no grandkids to 'worry about.' Indeed, completely morally bankrupt.
If I knew as much about anything as M Wente knows about everything I would be border-line genius. When it comes to Pot advise from Margaret. Just say No.
Did you just think that up yourself?
If one is a Con, why yes, one would honk. Loudly, repeatedly and in as coarse a manner as possible.
When one of the states has a motto such as 'live free or die', why would you want to move to a colony?
Trump leadership suggest Russian roulette in Foreign Affairs is the way to go! Oval Office is not a game for Narcissistic Personality Disorder folks with documented Bipolarity limitations.
Ascalepius: You should take a pill. You're irony deficient.
Congratulations Rmiller101, your dream of Stein winning is even more delusional than the Trumpster Divers. That was a tough hurdle to clear but you jumped right over the bar.
Nanakanda, you are the one expressing hatred.
The plan is similar to the Chinese encouraging Chinese immigration into Tibet: destroy the local culture and replace it with another.
Translation: Outside of legalizing pot we have no clue what our policies are going to be'You translated incorrectly, If the Liberals release their policy too early the Reform/Conservatives will steal it and claim it for their own.
But to most of us, it just makes him look gullible.'=====No. Not that. What a stupid remark.
When it happens in a 'Free World' like the US, then to the Lefties in Hong Kong, this is NOT a problem. Only when it happens in China it becomes a huge problem.
Define 'hypocritical scumbag'.
Small words. Short sentences. Celebrating ignorance. Living in a dreamworld. Welcome to Ford Nation.
Feel free to add it to your bag of concern troll talking points.
So the left does not trust judges?
Re: "if cake bakeries simply told gay customers how they felt" Sorry, but I came to buy a cake, not hear a sermon!
Monkey, If you think private money does not redistribute income and encourage inequality you are far more naive than I thought.
maximrw - what's backwards? THe coward's a Harper?
This is looking like the anti technology column written on computers.
Posting on G&M comment sites for pennies from the Liberal party.
Based on this editorial, but not just this editorial but the ridiculous opinions regularly put forth, editorial or editorially-directed, etc., this newspaper has gone batty, so politically correct to have lost all sense of common sense.
sorry cant feel sorry for the guy been sucking on the front tit for too long and the only reason he's at all relevant is our government allows french language laws to rule. Yes french spelled wit a small f.
The Globe is making a big deal of this 'Putin confrontation'.. I would think a Globe reporter would have attempted to verify it, afterall it was reported by the PMO staff so crediblity is lacking... anybody out there who wants the truth?
NO bloody excuse Eliza. If the police can't handle certain jobs, then take away their authority to do so and give it to an organization that can .... the army!
So a former Secretary of State and Two-term Senator is, in your mind, worse than a clown with no understanding of how the Government works and what the Constitution says. That soesn't say much good about your thought processes.
Well.... if I had the choice between the current, un-principled, Saudi regime or an overthrow like we see in Syria, I'll choose the former. One thing the world is learning, slow progress is better and less costly (in lives) than revolution.
how do you know the money wont be used to enrich shareholders first?
Since he's a New York socialist I would lean towards sex offender...
Chiapethewise if you think Doug Saunders is a socialist you don't have any clue about the meaning of that word.
He had to, otherwise he'd have had nothing to work with. When you look at the party platforms, nearly 70% of Canadians agreed with most of it. Seems like thats Canadian enough.
What if they're attacked? Wouldn't you want them to be combat troops?
Clearly you weren't around while western Canada burned up this summer.
Margaret Wente's response to climate change? Do nothing. And she calls this a mature response to this crisis.
All of 'us' is a backdoor entry of United States.
Google 'New Brunswick General Election 1987'. Even though Richard Hatfield was the Conservative leader at the time, what happened to him and his party is the same thing as what's about to happen to Krusty the Klown and the BC Liberals.
The United States is a benign factor'Yeah, when they're not busy arming head-chopping and liver-eating jihadis to carry out their vile regime-change plans that are responsible for this whole conflict. Go Russia!
Who wants a nuclear deal with Iran when the military-industrial-security-banker-government-religion complex would profit immensely by a war on Iran and Artillery Hillary is waiting in the wings to become commander-in-chief with her very own war?
Can't admit who was responsible can you - do you live in the GTA?
Wait, did this need a sarcasm flag?
Once a leader, Canada disappearing from the developing world'yes, Canadians are legends in their own minds..... this started with the Liberals under Chretien who decimated Canada's foreign aid budget not 'in the last 5 years' as Smilie claims
If Tabatha ever ventures off the overly politically correct shores, I would not expect anything more than the usual cookie cutter marzipan journalism, wrapped under 'How few bad apples scared Old Europe' title.
If you are Irrational, don't make stupid comments, make rational ones 'We will only pay for the who get sick through no fault of their own; the public should not be expected to pay for life-style diseases.'
No, you've just demonstrated the 'God in the gap' fallacy: anything that is beyond your personal knowledge or comprehension must be 'God'. Apparently you could learn more from this episode with the coin...
and with any luck he will soon be the same inside Canada too!
Wow, two things that I can tell about you from your post: 1. You're young and obviously didn't live through it, & 2. You have or are working toward an Arts degree.
On your way to delusionland remember who made Canada a one-trick pony of OIL OIL OIL
What about you, Robbins and Summers? Coinpurses nice and smooth?
Another ostrich with his head deep in the sand. Keep it there, business, you won't know what hit you.
The Globe replaces the letter from the former PM's et al with this partisan hack?
Bombast and nonsense' Principal tools of the Harper gang.
southcoaster: left to these clowns is anyone who does not think that taxes should be rolled back to 0.
Umm... did you not just read this article on a media website? Is this article what you consider 'anti-Harper bias'? If so, you really do need to lay off the Kool-Aid or re-adjust your tinfoil hat or both.
cjlawrie, you must be part of the Globe editorial board, because you are WRONG! http://www.theglobeandmail.com/globe-debate/editorials/ontario-election-part-4-for-a-conservative-minority/article19047636/
But we are only 0.5% of the world's population. We are emitting FOUR TIMES the global per capita average. Including historical emissions we have contributed about EIGHT TIMES as much to this problem as the global average.
Who subsidizes your fire and police? Want a hint?
Miller, at least you don't whine like your buddy, Trump. You simply throw him in the trumpeter and move on your the next whacko. So it's Jill Stein is it? "Real Solutions go Working People" - wow! Inspiring!
Then why do Canadians go to the USA or Mexico for health care?
Cherry picked history from the Wile E Coyote of Alberta politics
Harperman, Harperman, November fourth, you're in the can. Justin's ready, his hair is nice, And he sure put you on ice.
Seems to me that you are not thinking Konrad.
Voting Liberal? All you get is Harper-Lite?, plus endless income tax surcharges and sermons about a "middle class".
Please provide some evidence that 'Ford is working hard to save us money' - and by evidence I mean something more tangible than the woolly-headed thinking of you Ford Nayshunals ....
fewer obese people dressed in sweatpants.'... including the Mayor
The whole editorial - like the whole Konservative platform is putting the brightest shade of lipstick on the ugliest pig - and the back end of the pig at that.
You're telling me Canadians are bipolar! They need their Lithium dosage quickly.
Personally, I feel that picking through human feces at a sewage treatment plant is degrading and unseemly, but I would never suggest that it should be outlawed. 'Perfect!
Muslims generally think it's a good idea for others to convert to Islam. The main point made in this piece is that Cathlolics now have doctrinal instruction no longer to try to convert Jews.
Yes we have never seen such a bias media work so hard to drag this tired hag across the finish.'How come when I said the same thing in other articles against Trump I didn't get this many thumbs up??
She's not commenting on Brexit, she's doing something much more surprising -- commenting on the one-note media coverage of it.
you should get a subscription so taxpayers do not have to fund your fetish
This, I don't know how it is in Latino and black communities. But in brown and what I can tell from the Asians. There is a lot of cooperation
The pensioners ARE the sponsors! Gt a grip, Art!
This sounds like an ad from the Power Workers of Ontario.
Ever heard of wage cuts? Don't like it find another job.
Perhaps clever Canadian academics could be offering to help?
Saunders noodles about 'Canadian apartment dwellers' from his elitist rookery in London.
Yes perhaps we should show some love and remove these children from these 'hating' parents. If they resist, send the Swat teams. I'm sure you have nothing but 'love' for those who disagree with you.
Good one. Allah help the peaceable, 'moderate' Muslin in France or Germany. Or Belgium. Or...
Tell me 'just tom' and 'you cant handle the truth' What bothered you more, my words or the fact that there is censorship/monitoring of Replies?
Search the internet for Kal-Tec or Tavor TAR-21 or KRISS or Noringo 97.All currently available in Canada without a restricted license, all semi's, all 223 why all the fuss over the AR?
...more learned liberal advisors...'Not only learned, but even 'more learned'? Where have they been hiding all these years?
We should not be smug about this. Canada dodged a brown shirted future by getting rid of the Harper Government. In his desperation to be re-elected, Harper appealed to and promoted bigotry.
In order to save this democracy we must stop people from participating!
HaHaHa! The comment section of the G&M has sure become the main message board for left wing numbnutz!. Far more balanced posting at the NP.'And you are here, Don. Welcome to the club, hahaha.
It seems that Ms Wente has brought her war on drugs mantra from the US with her. 1964 (year she emigrated) is a long time to harbor outdated attitudes in a country that knows better, save for Hasrpers gang
If the comments here are the true yardstick how people will vote , the Liberal will win a landslide election next time, and Harper conservatives will be wiped out from the map.
I wonder if Truth lives far from our increasingly foreign dominated banlieux?
Your clarification has as much relevance to people outside the absurd subculture from which the words arose as do the terms "bogey" and "birdie" to anyone other than golf enthusiasts.
A union economist? LOL! What the frig is that? Great at spending other people's money until it runs out and then asking for a grant to continue?
How's that real estate speculation gig workin' for ya?
Since we've been hearing about adscam for over 20 years now then by your logic it's only fair that we keep talking about Duffy for 20 yearsIs that what you want??
Moon, Do you *really* need it spelled out to you?
You know, right, that the first criteria to win a Nobel Prize of any sort is that the winner has to be alive?
Paul says "only the more simple minded among us would think so." Nice way to welcome a new Canadian. Typical leftist vitriol and thuggery from someone whose blue collar just covers his red neck
Far right conservatism in trouble, progressive conservatism isn't.
I used to think the WHO was a responsible organization. I used to think the Cancer Society actually wanted to cure cancer. I used to think there was no such thing as corruption. I used to think the Globe and Mail was a reputable newspaper.
Wrong!
We elect governments that do not allow the 'market' to operate, we've been raised to be socialists.
Nobody has a 'social licence' to commit violence, keith, and certainly not in the dubious cause of degrading our economy.
What was with Harper's use of the phrase 'old stock Canadians'? Sounds a lot like the 'pure laine' reference by extreme nationalists ion Quebec. A strong whiff of racism in that phrase. Too many Canadians not WASP enough for you Steve?
The appearance of Con support can be chalked up to cheating.
Many of history's finest examples agree with you as well; Po Pot, Stalin, Hitler, Chevas (sp), Castro....You hand-wringering, left-wing dingbats amaze me. Perhaps your rainbow unicorn has some legal ideas to suggest.
If there is anything the Press is very familiar with its the gutter.
Never trust anyone who predicts the future with such certainty. This article and woman are examples of why the British want and need to leave. Another globalist rant about how your average person is too stupid and inept to govern themselves.
People die if they are killed. But he probably didn't know that.
I suspect at least 40% of Canadians agree with you Bud. When a sober decision is made at the ballot box on Oct 19, 2015 there is only one serious option. Its the PM.
More like Trudeau's Fanzine.
The only racism displayed is your tolerance of old world sexism towards women.
--well, --not_quite_no influence. Just enough to make us raise our hackles at the absurdities published at 'the Centre-of-the-Universe' in its' sublime ignorance of what's west of Lake Superior.
Instead of stopping people from taking the own lives why don't we actually address the elephant in the room for once? Why are so many people finding life so unbearable they chose to end it and what as Canadians can we do to help our friends, neighbors and our children.
What a poorly written article. Does not say much for the University of Calgary. Like Harper he uses division for political gain.
Neo-Left Statistics - 60% voted against Tory remember how many times sore loser leftists whined that 60% voted against Harper 53% voted against Ford so now we throw the whine back in their faces 60% voted against Tory
Who cares about the Reform Party or Back in the Day? If Back in the Day is so important to you why not dream about how your Liberals used to be in power and are now just 3rd rate also rans.
All true, but the real 'why' is that the others were loyal Canadians, while Harper is a traitor engaged in treason.
Harper is the Prime Minister for only the 30% of us who still somewhat agree with his prejudices. For the rest of us (including the Chief Justice), he is content to be our Dictator, who will do anything to dictate his orders.
For decades, the big frightening threat was fundamentalist Christians...
If I had a son who was an incompetent president he'd look like...
Hmm. Sounds like maybe your brain is wired to dismiss the science/ignore climate change. Could it be the author is actually onto something? Nah, let's go with your conspiracy theory and call it 'logical thinking' instead. Yeah, that's the ticket.
It doesnt have to be hordes, a few as happened in UK, France, US. Deny all you want, they want to violently rule the world, or have you not been following what they are doing in Iraq?
Canada's PM is devious and manipulative. THe TPP deal is shrouded in secrecy but veils are the going concern with the Conservatives.
I don't recall Canada dropping bombs on India before terrorists in Vancouver put a bomb on a plane and killed 268 Canadian citizens.
How about the distribution of armaments to countries you know are supporting some arms of the terrorist. Should they not be considered terrorist?
Now that you've climbed on your high horse and accused someone of being a bigot, please tell us about the family you've sponsored.
Next time quote your research. Angus Reid polling shows the exact opposite.
 however, I think the guy needs professional medical help'Detox?
My guess is that Harper is more like Nixon than we realize - I bet that all PMO offices were bugged (audio and video) as well as all email and computer files regularly scanned and reported on. Harper is sick enough to set this up.
If you're going to quote, at least make an effort to get it right. ?? For me, pepper, I put it on my plate ?. ?
It is particularly funny since Lawrence Martin is usually a Liberal hack.
difficult because there is no Party politics - officially but the weasel like NDP type of councillors hold a monthly "caucus" meeting 15 of them out of 44 this violates the spirit of Council
The HATER Jack trolling as usual. Dismal handling, could you provide some examples? Low oil prices?
ZZzzz.... Fill in the blank______ have a right to be heard and respected. What a meaningless cliche!
Keep telling yourself that.
Anything a reader posts extemporaneously that shows disrespect for a PM, other than Harper, is abusive and must be removed.
You do not question the Dear Leader! Our Lord and Saviour's word is Gospel and must be treated as such! Trudeau is ENTITLED by birthright to run Canada as he sees fit!
Actually all it takes is to say you are ( and of course label yourself a Conservative) and Harper's base will swallow it all hook, line and sinker.
Why, of course. How could I have been so stupid! They simply take 2.5% away from all the teachers and then give it back. Thanks for clearing that up, Friggate! Now, back to summer vacation, you!
So why, in 2005 did mayors of both cities invite and literally court Enbridge, so their individual towns could be the terminus of the project? Enbridge and their shareholders are owed an apology for this debacle.
I found a bit of a "review" I guess... she is so right. All the conversation about muslim women revolves around those two things. There is so much more to it.
Can the Globe & Mail please hire staff who can write proper english and doesn't do their due diligence from conservative election ads? Harper has delivered 9 deficits in a row and 2015 will be a deficit year as well contrary to conservative claims.
You never made it out of grade 3.
If I wanted rip-off pricing for cheek by jowl housing surrounded by druggies, hipsters and foreigners in a polity collapsing from anomie I'd just move to Vancouver instead of trying to remake my own city.
If the boomers had paid their way we wouldn't have so much provincial and federal debt.
So what? Those are reasons for voting for Trump? Because, "It is possible that hostile actors ..."? Trump is the noxious product of Fox News, and a racist, delusional Tea Party. Even the GOP finds he has no redeeming qualities whatsoever.
Suzuki's Fish Story: opinion.financialpost.com/2011/03/14/suzukis-fish-story/
Those who play the drinking game based on CheeMiss writing 'union thug' in a comment . . . tend to get pie-eyed pretty quickly.
He never did, it was all lies and uinnuendo that has yet to be proven. Now The Star is even trying to get the police chief to justify their slanderous accusations.
If that ever happens, we should have no hesitation whatsoever in buying every single issue in the country and burning them all. What a statement!
No, I'd say you are a typical Canadian.
To the author: Of course a friendly mutual hello would be nice, but we would rather have police who break the law actually face the same justice system we do.
I'm glad you are privy to the internal discussions of the Iranian government.
So has his brilliant cancer research been discredited by a bad joke? Should he take all his marbles, and cancer cures, and pack them up in cardboard boxes just because he's wrong about feminism?
Who appointed the Commissioner and the Commissioner before him? The RCMP were politically controlled by the Harper government (TM).
Congratulations, Wisteria, for being someone who votes looking through the windshield rather than through the rear-view mirror.
>> pursuing an international criminalSo you fell for that one, as well.
Trump is the modern day leader of the 'Know Nothing Party.'
And was promptly voted in again by the Canadian electorate as PM. Swing and a miss there Bobby!
Bitter much?
Regular, If you're unhappy with the pay executives are making, buy shares and vote otherwise at the annual general meeting. Otherwise, it's none of your business what a company's board decides to pay its people.
Republicans opposed the measure across the board. Can you read?
You have not addressed a word the author said with your vile riposte.
Really. She reads like Patrick Brown's Communications Director.
Spin as you like. The undeniable fact is, Ontario has been "transformed" from a giver to a beggar after the 11-year ruthless abuse committed by the incompetent and yet very corrupted Liberals and Wynne is the worst of the worst, the rotten one.
Dopiest comment I see is "The science is settled," typically one of your favourites.
In the 70's, girls wore tube tops and terry cloth short shorts and guys managed to graduate with good grades and no rape conviction.
Are school dress codes sexist and oppressive?'No.Show up to work at a professional office exposing your midriff, see how long you last.
Which reminds me - they let Pamela Wallin moderate one year!
got re-elected doing it'Had Leopoldo Galtieri not invaded the Falklands, thatcher would have been a single-term prime minister.
Please explain in detail the damage done to young Canadian men.
no different than anything else thrown out there over the years' - Yeah. By PCs introducing to Canada the worst aspect of US campaigning style. You can actually say this without feeling ashamed?
hey the Pope attacked the Donald first, the guy fights back. Good on him. I think a lot of Americans are tired of being so heavenly bound they are no earthly good.
Nullify their passports and revoke their citizenship, and problem is solved since they never be able to come back to Canada again.
Perhaps you will convince MLA's from the PC party to walk across the floor and join the Wildrose.
Hey Craig, why won't Nick Kouvalis run any relection campaign for Ford unless he goes to rehab??? This has nothing to do with 'Ford haters'. Folks don't like Ford because he is a clownish blow-hard who can't grasp his job.
Oh - so I imagine you have enquired about the curricula for each of the other subjects taught in our schools?
Cry SHILL!!!... and release the Dogs of Woo.
Trump? No problem. Ignore the bitter rants of those who miscalculated, got it all wrong, who bet on the wrong horse, who got caught with their ideological pants down.
Pierre Poutine.
You have never heard about Bill Clintons rape charges? Why am I wasting my time, you probably love Turdo also as prime minister.
Re: 'he is not a war mugger' [sic]You seem to have chosen to ignore his 'war' on Mexicans and Muslims. And on common sense.
Do you always celebrate amateurishness?
Could we call it monolithic art and charge an entrance fee for viewing before it gets destroyed by the employed crew with jack-hammers?
Exactly. Even his comments yesterday are nothing new - e.g., Ann Coulter suggested bombing the New York Times.
How to get under Harpers skin, vote Liberal.
And what good have you done, that would make you a judge.
And speaking of PR Ms. Wente, nice little PR piece for Israel. I'm not saying you're wrong about the motives of Hamas but I have a hard time feeling sympathy for Mike Tyson when he's throttling a toddler.
What ARE they saying then? Enlighten us, Mr. Comprehension.
The ads are simply meant to denigrate, degrade, humiliate, and intimidate.'.. by showing silly footage and someone's own words. Ooooooffff, you folks are in for a rough 2015 election night!
Are you saying no one in Canada has ever been attacked by wildlife?
Is that a Drumpf endorsement, Ravensbud ?
Harper Conservatives are nothing if not radicals. Extreme in everything. Everyone else is either a terrorist or a child pornographer.
Yes - a truly naive piece of scribbling !
So in your world only leftists follow the law of the land? My Ten Cents cited the Constitution.
The speech balloon above her head had to be saying 'Why does he get that great hair for free and I spend a fortune on mine',while her pancake make up was holding on for dear life.
Onward Christian soldiers marching off to war... Anyone still wanna buy those F-35s,ah,ah,ahhhhh? This, is the price you pay... Highway of hero's??? More like highway of fools...
Ali Ceste, please compare the status of Israeli women with that of women in the Muslim world and report back to us.
why are  all the poeple that get low income houseing .....WHITE...BLACK....LOITYNO.....AND WHY ARE JEWISH POPELE TOLD TO GO TO HELL WHEN THAY TRY TO GET LOW INCOME HOUSEING....??????MABY I SHOULD BUY A
Lemme see. For the bible thumping idiots... Weren't the jews the ones that had the white mans jesus murdered by the parasites and leeches that made up the Imperial Roman Empire?
No bigotry in you calling Conservatives Nazis, is there? A bit like calling Muslims terrorists if you were capable of honesty.
No, that's humanism. Atheism is the lack of belief in gods. That's it.
To Muslims  is there  distinction between Quebec City or Calgary  Quebec and Ottawa?  I suspect they will  all be   guilty to Canadian Muslims.
https://www.jihadwatch.org/2017/02/quebec-imam-prays-o-allah-destroy-the-accursed-jews-o-allah-kill-them-one-by-one 'Quebec imam prays: “O Allah, destroy the accursed Jews…O Allah, kill them one by one”'
Transgender - leave it to states. Weed - Keep it at federal level because states have no rights.
...........................How shallow of you. But thanks anyway for your constructive POV.
elevate your debating skills Why and Alceste
Yes, just like Islamopalooza went down bad last year.  Ctrl-left terrorists shouldn't be tolerated, remember when that Hillary supporter murdered 49 gays in Florida? Mateen and Hodgkinson were just part of a terrorist organization.
AS long as they do not join to get free surgery fine. If you are trans already and still want to join , do it. But can you do the job?
Honey?  Did you read the article?  She attacked Pope Francis for saying that countries should be welcoming of immigrants.  That is her whole platform.  That France would be better if she could kick out all the dark skinned people and Muslims.
And the Germans didn't want the Jews so therefore they can just exterminate them   Pregnant women can always give their children up for adoption  Otherwise they suffer the risk if they don't go to confession of possibly going to hell
Raskolnikov, Your hatred of Jews has evolved over time in its manifestations and disguises and one can see all three forms in abundance here. Read some history and maybe you'll understand a thing or two about reality. Your antisemitism is disgusting.
LOL!   None of this medieval maneuvering has diddly-squat to do with any group of people who call themselves 'Christian,' i.e., followers of Christ.  It may, however, provide Dan Brown with his next stupid book and Tom Hanks with another bad movie.
Think about the nature of the fathers comments.. 'A good son. An educated son.' 'God will punish homosexuals'.. These radicals consider themselves instruments of God. How much longer will we ignore this kind of hateful rhetoric..
Just some inside info:  the 'you're a  pharisee' smear is from the 'beginner' section of Catholic commenting playbook.  High school, not graduate school.
What in heaven's name does your obsession with our new PM (maybe it hurts comparing where he is to where you are in life?) have to do with the topic Martin is discussing? Oh, right. Nothing. Off you go, now.
You left out a word: do whatever it takes to stop a gay man's right to HATE speech.
Right on Sarah Sanders!  She's not forcing anything on anybody--it's done silently and privately.  Psalms 14:1 The fool has said there is no God.  Which is in the Jewish Old Testament.   For the loud unbelieving Jewish friends.
Don't want to leave anyone out.    Sandy Hook Elementary School - children murdered by a heavily armed JEWISH white guy.  There fixed it for ya.
Not in the Conservatives family. You are not part of them.
How does sharing a bathroom with a transgender person negatively affect your life?
You have just raised the issue of religious misogyny (and not to mention hate and death among gays) that the MSM will not discuss nor are Canadians allowed to bring up in a multicultural society.
 white jew-god mind', well we know where 3d's head is at.  Bigotry and racism.  Must be another graduate of the Hawaiian Studies program at the U of H.
You mean the 'Christian' who has repeatedly threatened to immolate 70 million men, women and children by deploying tactical nuclear weapons against the Islamic Republic of Iran? If Killary is a 'Christian', then so is satan.
Nothing but thinly disguised Christian Supremacy.
Why he is just a white, good ol' boy carrying his legal supply of weapons, disciplining his family members when they fail to obey the patriarch as religious dogma dictates.  No crime here, just performing his duties as white, christian rules apply.
un autre qui n'a pas d't?te et il faut qu'il nous le fasse savoir
From Berig in RochesterPlease come join us in worship! No matter how un-Godly you may feel, the doors are off the hinges to receive you. Your lack of believe is natural, love awaits you, you're always welcome. Dig it.
Unloving, yes. You would have us believe that God is as homophobic as you are. And, given that you reject Dignitatis Humanae, you are NOT faithful to Church teaching.
RobHave faith. Give people a chance to live like you do.
The article didn't talk about Viagra or the cigarettes they used to pass out, only the transgender.
one way to curtail fighting? Have law / act state it cannot be shown or commented on through the media - any media. If there was a fight and dead air or some replay the league intelligentsia would soon get the message.
When I was growing up transgendered people were known as in local vernacular chicks with d##ks.
SMM: Electorate has spoken? When? You mean the 39.5% popular vote for the Liberals? Craft a good law? How naive. For your sake, I hope you never find yourself in a situation where your life will be snuffed out against your wishes.
Nope...not true. Beck retired before Osama was taken out.    And did not 'trans' until after leaving the military.
Dear Mr. Hound38 Do I understand that, aside from the items you mentioned, you are a sound supporter of Mr. Harper?
From a 'fair work place' in a very short time, became, 'marriage, adoption, 'hate crimes' special privilege, and has gone on to 'transgender toilets' that we ALL must use, or be called 'haters'.  Call away then.
no sweetheart, they're going to slowly buy up everything you own, settle your lands and put you to work in factories and you'll be cheering them on
The Trudeau cabinet members and staff appear to have no sense of ethical responsibility. Brison's response is cavalier and shows he is completely unaware that this is a serious allegation of impropriety. Having a gay husband doesn't give him a free pass.
According to NEWSWEEK, 'Border Wall Tied to Trump Transgender Ban'. http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/border-wall-tied-to-trump-transgender-ban-report/ar-AAoSxVS?li=BBnb7Kz
Tabby Cat is using it in a disgusting offensive way and damn right it's a slur. It's a slur against every single non-transsexual person out there.    Wake up. The 'victims' of bigotry are now the bullies.   Tabby Cat isn't funny and should be dismissed for her hateful rant.
MEN OF CALGARY: GO GAY! It is the only thing that will save your skin. But in today's heated feminist empire, being gay may not be a defence from an accusation of sexual impropriety.
Christianity at least is based on 'turn the other cheek'.
I am NOT protecting or condoning the alleged behavior!  I'm pointing out the 'he did this because he is gay' bigotry.
Which 'Church' are you referring  to...the Roman Catholic Church  or the True Christian Church?
As soon as Freeland has NAFTA and the Chechen gay holocaust fixed I would like to see Trudeau set her on the little North Korean psychopath.
But EWTN types told me that women have the important role in the Catholic Church doing all the menial grunt work that men don't want to under the 'leadership' of the more intelligent malefolk.  Sarc off/
As Justin said about the arms sale to Saudi Arabia, one cannot interfere with the sanctity of a government contract.
I wonder how many people remember that Quebec was once the most difficult province to live in if you were Jewish.
Mr. President, the  Chinese just invaded Taiwan'. 'Get Jew boy on it...I'm busy trying to come up with a killer tweet to put that nasty Samantha Bee in her place'...
I have heard the mothers of trans Americans often feel like they are 'transparent'
LOL.  Please tell me it includes the one that thinks that having boys do household chores turns them gay.
If Francis is concerned about the health of Vatican staff....what about the health hazards associated with gay sex (including depression, AIDS, suicide) and cocaine use among Vatican staff?
What a disgusting person.  How many offensive things has he said about other people and never apologized for.    What she tweeted happens to be true.   After all there were GOOD people chanting 'Jews will not replace us' at the white supremacist rally.
It's like giving a dying patient a transfusion with blood from his other arm.
All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing. ~ Edmund Burke
And so a new orthodoxy was born.
Jews are whites too and whites are not the most advanced race either.
Not surprising Nikki, considering that millions serve and only a very tiny fraction are 'trans.'  It is using statistics to make a false point.
Oh deer: Hitler really! I have nothing but respect for Jews, they are truly a remarkable people. It's you retread, left wing , tambourine banging, pot circle sloths I have no time for. Ps love your conspiracy theories, do you hear voices?
The modernity comment was solely regarding the sentence on transgender folks.  And that is a modern phenomenon. Not in terms of the existence of such folks, but of the familiarity of enough laypersons to raise the subject to the level of commonplace everyday conversation.
Nope.  Trump's campaign promise was a Muslim ban.
How do you progs become such extremists?
colon7, you are partially right. Religion is the problem. A minority of one religion.
It was not immigrants that caused the carnage at that mosque.  It was not multiculturalism. It was not Islam. It was sheer unadulterated hatred. Pure bigotry. Revolting xenophobia.   Your attempt to justify the slaughter in Quebec is beyond repulse.
And I bet that in the day you expected your Jewish classmates to smile when you walked into that exclusive country club.  And you expected your black classmates to do the honourable thing and avoid using the whites only washrooms and lunch counters.
I wouldn't say that 'Being gay has nothing to do with being a pedarast.' Pederasty is a 'sub-set' of male homosexuality. So a pederast is a homosexual male while not all homosexual males are pederasts. So 'nothing to do with' is overstating it.
And one can assume you lived at home - always a dividend, Orderkaos. Mrs. P has nailed it, with serious input from the real world by Mike. Margaret's experiences are of another age.
Infowars?  Congratulations on losing all credibility. Have another beer and watch more TV.  Obama made my frog gay with chemicals while cloning 9/11!
They are too busy fighting pro-choice, lgbt rights,  and making excuses on what Trump 'really meant.'
I take issue with 'the god of the Jewish Bible is a cruel, vindictive, angry assassin'.  In addition it appears to be unrelated to the article.
Rest easy, Harper will win the next election and just like Benjamin Yahoo he will repeal this legislation and blame his Finance Minister for this stupidity.
We treat the 2nd Amendment like a death lottery and we are all potential blood sacrifices. How many of those concert goers thought they had bought lottery tickets? I thought Jesus made human sacrifices unnecessary. I'm sure a lot of those concert goers thought they were Christians.
You like to use the word Facist, seth. Do please tell us what you understand that label to mean. Then compare and contrast your 'notion' with reality.
Trump's tweets expertly tilt the scales of justice against his Muslim ban
How is baking a cake for a gay couple exceeding his obligations?
uniquely Canadian' really means 'from Cana-duh'
If a military draft is necessary during war time is Trump prepared to give Trans-gendered people an exemption? Or do exemptions only apply to rich kids with heel spurs?
What is ridiculous is suggesting an equivalency between the number of attacks on jews in Canada and the number of attacks  on Irish people in Canada.
Of course Trump blames the black guy.  Hurricane Maria was the fault of Puerto Ricans.  The Jews caused Nazis.   Blacks force themselves to be abused by the cops.
A priest raping a child is hysterical.  Your comment history shows your reverence for the church and seems to be missing the teachings of Christ.
“don we now our gay apparel.” ? What is Kahle suggesting? Kahle is gay and his class mates knew he was? Or is Kahle sneaking in a homophobic slur and in the RG no less?
Refresh my memory, which religion killed millions of people in the name of imperialism or then thousands of people in Ireland or during the Thirty Years War or during fascist rule in Spain, Italy and Germany.
Alceste, Paris voted 10% Le Pen Paris is  20 % Muslim ? 20 % other immigrants ? 50% urban leftists? - so why is that surprising?
TO Blackfly and eCitizenfirefighters, police and ...teachers and TTCare examples of OVERPAID public sector UNIONIZED salariesthat people oppose but because Ford also opposes then the Ford Haters oppose Fordsort of cut off your nose to spite your face
You have the disgraceful temerity to draw a moral equivalence between the Holocaust and the Jewish recovery miracle, and the Palestinian fourth generation, UN tit-sucking, Jew-hating refugee bullshit story. It's exceedingly charitable to describe you as a libtard.
More poverty for average joe hardworking taxpayer on a fictitious problem.
As night fell Friday and Texas braced for a generational storm, Trump pardoned a racist political ally and ordered an indefinite ban on transgender servicemembers joining the military.
Compassion if necessary, but not necessarily compassion'
Wyatt are you a transvestite, Transsexual, or just a Man that just hates himself for being what you are? Do you have a hard time competing against your gender?  Get real, look in your shorts Dude!
Republican controlled only in theory even Republicans can't stomach Cheetolini your religious SAVIOUR ... lol ... 'christians' are foul and evil as is evidenced by YOUR President :)
Klastri, back to name calling when you can't explain a comment you made.  You said transgenders in the military is a civil right.  A sharp lawyer like you ought to be able to defend your position, so why can't you?
They have the same rights to life and security of the person as you do.
Yes because when I think of the PLO, Hamas, and Islamic Jihad the first thing that comes to mind is: law, morality, and ethics.
Ah, so it is only symbolic then ? ... how about the whole religion and all (man-made) religions are symbolic (i.e. created by man to suit his spiritual needs).
First of all. Modernism is passe. We are living in a post-modern world. SOme even say post post-modern.   Second, I stand by what I said.  Utter nonsense--specifically, the One, Holy, Catholic part. As far as 'outside of which' that is simply not provable.
The Nazis killed 6 million Jews, the Republican Party thinks nothing of attempting to kill 30 million Americans.
If this insanity continues, one cannot help but wonder if Ivanka will eventually be forced to choose between her racist daddy (and his low-info racist supporters), and her Jewish husband.    Boy, do I miss having the adults in charge of things. Not surprising most Americans miss Obama.
But it was okay to put drug dealers under house arrest so they could wander into the Eaton Centre and shoot it up, right? Wouldn't want a violent criminal with an illegal handgun in prison would we Liberals?
so explain to us why Ford got the biggest funeral parade of any mayor in Toronto and I mean PARADE you should have been there to feel the love from the poor and the marginalized
Let me guess: M.W. ?Elizabeth is a gem among the Globe columnists.
Not at the cost of the Human diginity of all women called to priesthood.  Justice First or we are not really Christian.  We are merely haters of women.
Garbage. The earth is entering thirty year cooling phase. The war on coal and oil will stop as soon as a Republican is in the White House. President Obama has been mislead by his science adviser.
Where was all the concern for persecuted Christians in the Middle East. Oh I forgot, Justin doesn't own a pair of socks with a cross on them.
Rejecting homosexuality on religious and making a business transaction are not related.
Bob, I know that you're not interested in facts but here's another report about the German 'green' jobs collapse. Don't worry, you'll hear more about this! http://greenzone.co/2014/02/26/german-government-report-urges-scrap-green-energy-subsidies/
normal as in statistically so, which is untrue among clergy. True heteros left and don't join. priesthood Asexuals and gays do.
radicalized = reform, tea party, old testament, scarlet letters, Koch puppets
they need to check the local rabbi for spray paint residue.  To identify the truly sick racists google: chief rabbi of Israel says only purpose of goyim is to serve jews, life of goyim worth same as donkey.  Netanyahu says this jerk is the greatest mind of this generation.  http://www.timesofisrael.com/5-of-ovadia-yosefs-most-controversial-quotations/
Our city celebrates slugs and trans.
Forcing your doctrine down the throats of ...'  Why do opponents of gay rights so often use this metaphor?
I wasn't actually sure of the intent of the letter writer, but some people seem to be interpreting it as trans = non human.
The Church does not teach that Mary 'never died'. Projecting your sexual issues, much?
And thanks to Alberta and Quebec before her, Canadians everywhere know it can be done. Let's go, Canada!
“alternative facts” that are spread about Muslims by anti-Muslim bigots.  --- There you have it: everyone criticizing Islam or Muslim societies practices are bigots and their speech is 'alternative facts' or soon hate.
Your post violates the first principle: Human intelligence in good faith. Jesus' maleness demonstrates only that 'He' was/is male.
KATO 50- 'still do wield enormous power in (Iran) to the point that they can dictate who runs the government.' You are talking about Mr. Harper aren't you ?? CAREFUL.
Could you explain how Obama was blatantly anti-Israel?  Lots of Jews inside and outside of Israel strongly disagree with the expansion of settlements but that does not make them anti-Israel. One can still support Israel and criticize their policies that appear to undermine a long term peace agreement.
Why should anyone bow to the progressive's demand that no one have any privacy?' Why should anyone bow to the conservative Catholics' demand to protect pedophiles, pedophile priests, the Pontifical Secret, and enabling Bishops and Cardinals?
Great news now we can give out more medals for war heros. They will have as much success as the US had in Vietnam. At least we are full members in the war club now. So much for Trudeau standing up for his and Canada's beliefs!
Paul Martin is the only former Canadian Prime Minister I can think of who has attempted to make a significant contribution to Canadian society after leaving public office. A great christian.
I would think, Andre, that the silence of the lambs in Gaza is due entirely to their known fate if they spoke out against Hamas. The Palestine Authority's leadership would likely suffer the same end.
Your post is both offensive and incorrect. Hitler did target the Jewish people.
Defense Department/Rand Corporation study finds the military spends five times as much on Viagra as it would on transgender troops’ medical care  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2017/07/26/the-military-spends-five-times-as-much-on-viagra-as-it-would-on-transgender-troops-medical-care/?utm_term=.06b4d712b1a8  Another study estimates that banning transgender service members would set the U.S. back $960 million  https://www.nbcnews.com/feature/nbc-out/banning-transgender-troops-could-cost-us-960-million-report-says-n792466
Yes it does. It tells you that the discrimination against Jewish interests and institutions runs deep in the international community, just as the infamous Zionism is Racism resolution in 1975 did and as the continued and ongoing manifestation of international anti-Semitism, past and present, demonstrates and confirms.
when you spread riches around, population growth slows down. you cant just dictate to the poor, you need to help lift them from poverty. then they will stop having so many kids.
But wait - it is the government who sets the work, not the bureaucrats who choose what they will do.
Jews will not replace us, Jews will not replace us.'  You down with that?
Human life begins when one makes the choice to bear that life into existence.
Actually there have been success's. Kobani and Sinjar to be specific. Sinjar and the close by mountain have split the ISIS held territory in half. ISIS will now have to retake Sinjar or re establish communications through the Desert.
How refreshingly void of content.
It was Catholics vs Protestants. How peripheral is that?
Who cares. Hamas and Hezbollah and the Palestinian Authority have continuously threatened Israel and its Jewish population with destruction and elimination and eradication.
No, it was right-wing evangelical hypocrite blowhard Jimmy Swaggart that was related to Jerry Lee Lewis.
Given that Trump has shown himself to be a narcissistic, lying, sexist, racist bigot, he DESERVES to be attacked. Certainly, no Christian should support him. Do you really believe he gives a damn about abortion?
I can't believe the Denver Post published this witless slur against transgender people.
 A lesbian ,  a native,  and a Rabi are in a life boat ... '  Yadda yadda yadda
Kenney supports the corrupted catholics and therefore is incapable to unite Albertans.  Religions are used by politicians to divide societies.
So how do you classify Kevin Spacey?  He says he's homosexual not a pedophile.  The research you're talking about comes from the psychology arena that I spoke about earlier.  It's all biased, weak research.
Perhaps you should refer to the Hamas charter which lays claim to ALL the land and promises the eradication of all Jews.
If I were transgender I'd say 'bah-bye' and be on my way, middle finger extended.  Trump is such a nothing.  And so are the people who support him. Just more to add to my personal list of 'undesirables.'   Ugh.
I support a voluntary $100 fee.
Alaska's Christians will continue to appear ignorant and vindictive to the rest of the world while the Prevos and Boykos of the world go on their merry way ruining innocent people's lives while the Carlsons of the world are forced into early retirement.
ruthmatthews, can Rob Ford find something more interesting to [do] except slander and scandal, slander and scandal? Isn't that the real question? (that you've conveniently chosen to ignore)
So Hitler wasn't anti Jewish because he didn't kill all the jews?
You clearly have a rose-colored view.  Do you know what it is like to be an English speaking native of Quebec living in or visiting Quebec? ... Less fun than you'd think.  It gets even better if your mother, also a Quebec native, is Jewish.
I guess those Imam's in Canada who were shown preaching about killing Jews and non believers have been charged with hate crimes?
It's interesting how Jews can support someone connected to Nazi groups (Germany 1933).    Economic considerations almost always trump social and political interests.    Those Jews are less Jewish, more richish.
why, you want pictures?  numerous studies have shown that those who are vocally antigay are often closeted homosexuals that are secretly envious of those who are you publicly out.  is that why you are stalking me, you have a crush on me?   how special!  https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/homophobes-might-be-hidden-homosexuals/
Actually it's already covered by Medicare.  Besides, the Pentagon spends ten times as much on Viagra as on transgender medical coverage.
Because at most they make up 0.3% of the population? Clearly the left is in the next phase of making traditional Western culture disappear with their propaganda and social engineering. Next phase of the destruction of the west after 'Trans' is normalized will be pedophilia mark my words.
quite the hypothesis... and now can you back that up with specifics? Naw, I didn't think so.BTW, I will take the wooden Harper to the pixie doll JT any day.
You know who else was obsessed with perfect genes, right?   Hitler, who had Josef Mengele at his side experimenting on humans to find the perfect one, while killing millions of Jews.   The obsession with genes on the part of this president and his administration is really disgusting.
I was watching on HBO with candles and shouting your friends marching last weekend. They chanted the following: - 'the Jews will not replace us' - 'whose streets? our streets!' - 'Blood and Soil' an old Nazi chant This is outrageous and hateful. It was done by your side. Wake up!
How about a man who has transgendered into a woman.  Does he-she then become a qualified woman owned business?
You obviously don't know what you are talking about. If you are a 'catholic', you don't know much about your religion. Nobody is playing dress up. And if you aren't Catholic, you should keep your mouth shut and hide your ignorance.
If you are annoyed by it, you don't really understand it.
Well put sir. Or Ma'am. And... these are probably birds from the same flock who still think of 'Jews' as a race.
Effeminate men are as likely to be asexual as homosexual.  Priests are as likely one or the other.
Where? Did I miss it? Damn. Besides, are you aware that Jared Kushner, Trump's son-in-law, and one of the most important and effective people on his transition team is Jewish?
NoinradClearly you are a 'believer', and no amount of adverse data will change your mind. You are the little kid with fingers in ears saying la la la can't hear you!
US/Saudi supported 'moderate' terrorist head-choppers' No, Islamic supported and trained... Countries don't train people to be head choppers, organ eaters and yell 'Allah Akbar while killing each other and innocent people.
Sorry Alexandea, any group that denies science and wants to trample over the constitution's freedom of religion- for all religions- is wrong. There are many beliefs in evangelicals 'faith' as well as Catholics 'faith' that are plain stupid!
Transgender soldiers follow the same rules as other soldiers and face the same consequences as other soldiers for disrupting good order and discipline.  What is your point?  That soldiers who dislike and don't trust transgenders might act out and disrupt good order and discipline?
To cut roots of terrorism, enforce the Rule of Law
Sara, here is a small sample from A.L., paragraph 259 'There are absolutely no grounds for considering homosexual unions to be in any way similar or even remotely analogous to God’s plan for marriage and family.” Emphasis on the 'and family' part.
Don't be over confident. Muslins that Trump tried to stop from entering the U.S. freely enter Hawaii. It's just a matter of time before we experience terrorists activities. No longer a question of 'if' but 'when' and 'where'.
If their an obese transgender, do they get in?
...or the sexual abuse of children?  Jesus is a 'big boy', reputedly 'all knowing', etc. Children are quite another dimension.
M-103 is the discrimination. It's unnecessary identity politics. It's religious fools trying to get a foot in the door. It's complete nonsense supported by flakes and it should go in the trash bin where all religious con jobs should go.  Is that Islamophobia?
Why is Islam allowed in our schools?  It is much more than a religion, it is a comprehensive system - political, military, religious and dietary.  You cannot have Islam without sharia.
Trump also won because people despised the cabal that barnacled itself to Hillary: banksters, media owners, globalizers and the Republican elites they own, Democratic insiders, satchel-faced Radcliffe and Bryn Mawr psychopaths, Big Labour bosses ...
In the warped mind of the killer's father: Kallie is a good Christian girl from a good Christian family and the media (FAKE NEWS!) blew the story way out of proportion, so she should be let off. She's probably the real victim here.  GFY, Mr. Kuhasz.
An interesting question, but one you're not going to try to answer, I see, slofstra.  I'll give my opinion on yours, though.  The fact that TWU would be the only law school with this rule makes it no better than a single corner store which refuses to serve jews.
The birth control mandate, if originally inserted in Obamacare, would have just as easily passed. Why? Because it is essential that Western Judaea Christian America continue to contracept itself into oblivion for a successful 'fundamental transformation' by the Godless left to occur.
Or a lawyer!
Because then both boys and girls can get shot at equally !
Good find but it leaves one question unanswered.  Was that person transgendered, of was it simply a disguise to  commit a crime?
The Middle East conflict is not about freedom but personal security. These countries have never been free in the sense of democratic.
Accepting and promoting are different things, whether you talk about legal homosexuality and a right to marriage or legal abortion.
Passer. You speak as though the Supreme Court was the highest power in the land. Who cares what they "require"?
Residential schools were Implemented and supported by the Government of Canada and  allowed the Catholics to do what they wanted.  Now Trudeau want's an apology from the Pope?  How about Canada  taking responsibility instead of pointing figures at others.
And in other news, anti-Jewish bigotry and incitement to violence given a green light.  Now get out there and a punch a Jew!  Oh sorry, punch a Zionist!!
Whether you are guy, bi, trans, straight, nobody cares.  Using your orientation, as if it makes any difference, or because of that, your opinion counts more--it does not.
He supports people who have. He's against gay marriage, and for the right for companies and individuals to discriminate against gays.
Trump is not using race as an issue? You mean he is welcoming to Blacks, Latinos and Muslims to his rallies? What is the evil agenda that you speak of?
I am far happier and healthier post-transition than I was before.  So are lots of trans people.
Liberals just changed the game and dropped Motion 6 and are focusing on working together respectfully for all the people and country. memo for all MPs, sunny ways are here again, now back to work and voting like you are paid to be doing.
Some say Pride has always been about Politics NO Pride is not the United Nations it should stick to gay politics - fight for gay rights and not Israel-Palestine unless to support gay rights in Palestine (Israel already has)
All forms of hate needs to be eliminated. All forms of racism, Islamophobia, Homophobia, anti-semitism and laws discriminating against Transgenders. We need to get behind Justin, Obama, Hillary and Premier Wynne and fight all forms of hate which includes Trump!
He was teacher and a camp counselor. Those that can't - teach Perfect pedigree to run a convereted Muslim Communist country
Didn't you bother reading my post?  According to your criteria, my son did NOT honor the Church's teaching. He got remarried, and since he and his wife have children, has obviously had sexual intercourse with her.  He LEFT the Catholic Church specifically because of the laws on divorce and remarriage.
Believing in transubstantiation 'because the Pope says so' is just as stupid as believing the earth is four thousand years old 'because the Bible says so.' Both are simply political self-interest couched in supernatural blather.
Most military households say transgender people should get to serve
if a guy came to our Jummah and started spewing hate and being violent, he would literally have 300 brown and black kids jump at him.” --- Where were those 300 when the PDSB faith advisor hosted an imam calling for slaying of the Jews?
He's a man so that won't do.  I was thinking more along the lines of Theresa Spence now that she's looking for work but I'm pretty sure the CBC is hoping to cover all of their bases by hiring a non-white, aboriginal, trans gendered individual.
That cannot be .... did you not know? :)) Only 'right-wing' (whatever that means) people can be 'populists! :))) Certainly not Obama, especially after demonstrating his great charisma in psyching people into a trans-like state with all the 'Yes, we can do' chants!
If by "social engineer" you mean to correct misunderstanding, ignorance and eliminate bigotry, then engineer away.
That you would post something like this only underlines how you don't have the first clue about the crisis facing our veterans.
No biases, thank you, just a realist.  Maybe he is biased toward Jews.  The fact is, he is ignorant and has a destructive agenda.  Can you imagine the rest of the world putting sanctions on us for destruction of the atmosphere using the Trump policies?
And the Republic party just loves its 'blood and soil', 'Jews will not replace us' core driving a car into a crowd and killing a woman. That's the Republic party's definition of a civil society.
I think we need to be careful of the old pupule about the Jews killing Jesus. Jesus and all his disciples were jews. It would be like saying that it was those evil Americans that killed Lincoln because Booth was an American.
integrityAnd yet it isn't in Canada's interest to be so one sided in this conflict-----yet if Harper were ONE SIDED in support of terrorist Hamas you would celebrate and not mind at alladmit it
Cry me a river.  What happened to the Syrian Christian refugees?
The Average Patriotic American does not like being called 'irredeemable deplorables'.  That is one reason.  Another reason is that the Dems spew hatred towards Christians, Veterans, White Males and anyone who disagrees with perverts showering with our granddaughters.
Why would I want to reject (or eject) a transgender cyber expert from my division as its supervising officer?  All military service doesn't take place in the proverbial 'foxholes.'
1. Rubbish.  2. Flout, not flaunt.  3. The only 'homosexual advocates' are the ones that exist in your imagination.
That is an utterly ridiculous thing to say, since these poor people were specifically targeted because they were members of the LGBT community.  That would be like saying that Adolf Hitler targeted 6 million people for death in concentration camps in WWII, and failing to mention that they were Jews.
A mouthpiece for the political party that attracts Blacks who hate Whites, Homosexuals who hate Straights, Feminists who hate Men, etc.  And if you don't agree with anything they say....burn and loot.
Agreed. Those in the media are given undeserved adoration. They have bad breath, body odour and constipation just like everyone else but me. Hey, how come I'm not in the movies?  I coulda got babes for the ugly jewish man.
In private, however, he was living with Charles Chiarelli, his lover since 1965.'   That sentence says it all.  Fr O'Neil was an active practicing homosexual priest.  I don't think you should compare Fr Martin to this fellow Jesuit.
Paul - So when your teenage daughter is showering in the girls locker room at school and a teenage guy who identifies himself as a girl showers and walks around with his penis exposed, are you ok with that?  http://dailysignal.com/2015/12/21/why-these-high-school-girls-dont-want-transgender-student-a-in-their-locker-room/
When will Justin apologize to sex workers for society looking down on them
Why would white racists burn the church and then write 'Vote Trump?' This is an act by the Saul Alinsky crowd. They drove down from New York in a Mercedes limo, committed the act of terrorism, then drove back. This is what we get if Hillary is elected.
Maybe Harper can send you a free carton of cigarettes.
Anything that has the potential of taking seats away from the Harper gang can only be good for Canada.
The ignorant shall always be with us.
Support an independent CBC.
BS -- the whole 'transgender' kerfluffle is a minor, barely signifying blot on the national consciousness -- twitter is a perfectly appropriate venue for announcing the ban
Thank you Senator Schatz for standing up to this bully and racist.  I am proud that your represent Hawaii and in particular my views.  How can trump defend the crowd chanting, 'No Jews on the street.'  trump is unfit to be president.
Answers needed from the G & MFor twice endorsing these turkeys.
Expect more trade deals like this in the future. Even expect one day we'll have a North American currency!
Oh great, now we have a Toronto-based illustrator and textile designer telling Canada's snowboarding drama teacher Facebook Prime Minister Robin Hood how to run the immigration system.
Assisted suicide ought to bring into sharp focus societies' role ensuring that all that can be done is done for the living protecting the sanctity of life.
In transgender, why do we assume the brain is right and the body is wrong?
St Paul was 'ex-gay'? That might be illuminating.
I’m trying to imagine you with a personality.
All Muslims must take responsibility for the killings in Quebec. Ti was  for your  religion  these  murders happened and it is your religion that must change.
Yeah. Remember that Jesus told us 'Love your neighbor as yourself. Unless, of course, if your neighbor is gay; him you shall reject as intrinsically disordered.'
If we spent more time looking after each other, we wouldn?t have to go to the government for support.'Excuse me mister Manning, 'we' is the government. Havent u noticed. Or it should be.
RadirD, 'the agenda'?  To which right-wing conspiracy theory are you referencing?  The 'Deep State', the totalitarian 'New World Order', the 'North American Union', perhaps 'The Homosexual Agenda' or the overlords of the 'Liberal Mainstream Media' had something to do with this?
If Duffy can bring down the Harper regime, then in spite of his faults and errors, he would deserve a statue in Ottawa. It could go in the place of the ugly monument the Harper gang has planned.
The hypocrisy is worse if what your saying is true. Democrat Christians allow God to be removed from the platform in the name of politics.
Case in point: the person who equated a scarf-wearing muslim woman to a terrorist.' And who did that?
That's funny.  Elsewhere the poster to whom you were responding claimed that 'quell' was a word used by anti muslim trolls.
Jim Jenkins, for a party that supported slavery, segregation, lynching, Jim Crow, and the current Jew-hating, anti-Semitic, anti-Asian left-wing Black Left....you sure have a big mouth.
Did he then stuff the transgender's penis after castration in the transgender woman's mouth with the head sticking out?
Islamophobia to Muslims is anything that denies or resists the supremacy of Islam. Islam means 'submission' and not to submit to Allah is Islamophobic.
Yay Alceste! Way to go!  Of course, some religions in Canada do warrant support because their adherents are less empowered in Canadian society. Thus, we as Canadians must do more to make those faiths more welcome than, say, tired, antiquated Christianity.
....if only they could, but why would they when welfare (aka dumb canuck christians paying their $$!)
You may well think that but it's not Catholicism. The Commandments are not guidelines or ideals to be aimed for. And it's the deposit of faith these Cardinals are defending. Conscience isn't 'supreme'; the Truth is. Not even Pope Francis is teaching that.
Canadians don't want a lisping prime minister who's probably bisexual.
Serafim Saovskii, your hatred of Jews has evolved over time in its manifestations and disguises and one can see all three forms in abundance here. Read some history and maybe you'll understand a thing or two about reality. Your antisemitism is disgusting.
Tell that to all the children beaten by nuns im covent run schools a orphanages over the past 2000 years if the christian sects.  Women who beat children into submission....
Dear AlbertansYes, we feel your pain, and wish you well. Remember, misery never lasts for ever. This Easterner will never say ?let those western baaastards freeze in winter?. You are valuable to us in good times and bad. Get well soon. Best wishes.
You can't mention Sharia law or you will get your account deleted.  People don't want to know that female genital mutilation, misogyny, and throwing gays off buildings exist under Sharia law.  It dispels the myth of multicultualism.
If their deeds do not match their words, their deeds show us who these hierarchs really are. They are not serious about dealing with the evil pedophile scandal. This is another reason why a future iteration of  Catholic Christianity will be one without  clergy.
Oh please, 'Jews will not replace us' is false news. Listen to the audio, and then remove the pacifier.
Transgender soldiers can kill just as efficiently as straight soldiers.
You ignored skyofblue's point: that the groundwork for the now-accepted notion that every person has intrinsic worth and dignity was set by religious folks. The fact that Church hierarchy worked hand in hand with kings is another matter completely.
Overwhelmingly calls itself Christian.
And The Republicans have funnelled the $ to their friends. With The Tea Party saying it's not enough ...A down turn and the cupboard is bare. Definately 'World Class' in the current political environment.
Again, your whinge is 'gay sex is icky'.
Go to a volunteer force that are called in for bonafide fires while a core of say 4 professionals 2, 12 hour shifts to avoid the sleeping, who will respond to the medical emergencies and fire rescues. It would save millions and be as effective.
You and pretty much every person that is in favor of the baker discrimination do not get it. Political thought is not protected. In Colorado sexual orientation is protected.   Bottom line? You do not have to make a cake for a democrat. You have to make a cake for a gay person.
Monica, there is an excellent treatise on sex written by two  non-clerical theologians: 'THE SEXUAL PERSON: Toward a Renewed Catholic Anthropology' by Todd Salzman and Michael Lawler. 'In short, say Salzman and Lawler: emphasize relationships, not acts, and recognize Christianity's historically and culturally conditioned understanding of human sexuality.' http://press.georgetown.edu/book/georgetown/sexual-person
Sorry about not saying Islam is in no conceivable way involved in these murders.
Islam is not compatible with dutch values and i am pretty sure the dutch do not want to convert. It is all or nothing for the muslims and they will not stop until they have it all.  The elites refuse to except that reality.
Great?  2 homosexual males using surrogate mother(2) produce another homosexual male or lesbian or more homosexual males and/or lesbians.
Because it's impossible to align a transgendered individual's mind with their body.  Male and female brains are different - they're composed of different types of cells and they think with different parts of the brain.
Jews are scared because the terrorists lobbing bombs and launching rockets on Israel, are gaining ground in Europe.
Change the childs mind about what? Being LGBTQ? Or just thinking that LGBTQ people don't deserve to be treated any differently than anyone else? And what 'real issues' are you referring to? There is nothing not 'real' about being LGBTQ.   Spare us your veiled homophobia.
It still seems to come down to dislike/hatred of Jews; not much has changed in Europe and it is the same here in Canada.  And the comments here are the nicer ones that have not been blocked by the Globe's civility policy.
You need a citation to a source that supports your very specific claim, that liberals (as a whole) like/love (whatever) ALL Muslims and that ALL Muslims treat women as property. Good luck!
Let's not forget that other adorable example of good Christianity, the Salem Witch Trials. Let's hang 'em in the name of God!
Oh Boo hoo, if we sound like armed hoodlums, it comes from a Place of Pain. Get yer hankies out, Albertie is a-whining again. I'm surprised they don't blame Jewish Bankers and the Masonic Lodge.
Now we just need gay orgs to take responsibility for the fact that 4 out 5 church abuse cases were the work of gay priests abusing boys.  I call that fair play and honesty.
It's hard, well perhaps not so hard to humiliate a Jew hater. It comes with their mother's milk and their narrow education, and only serves to reinforce Israel's need for a Jewish state and minimizing the prospects of a terrorist state on its border.
Don't worry, this Catholic Institution will be dismantled before all other changes!!! You don't graft a new branch to a dead rootstock!
Mrs Gagnon never used the word ?madness? in her article in La Presse. Shame on the G&M!
Transgender ban in service bad idea, say former brass' -  BUT 'Transgender ban in service bad idea, says former Enlisted Man, NCO'. Who Can You Trust?? Will a confused person make great Defense decisions, Not in my Book!
Dear Western Society: Hosea 8:7
I would love to see you stand in the face of a transgender person and compare something as inmate as their identity  to having psoriasis or being overweight.  I could further pick apart your analogy but it's really not necessary because it's ridiculous.
With 325,886, 603 people in the US (three seconds ago) and 'One birth every 8 seconds and One death every 11 seconds', one 'transgender' critter more or less is really irrelevant!  https://www.census.gov/popclock/
Ivanka, Donald Jr. and Eric have all married into the Jewish community.    All of Trump's grandchildren are Jewish.  Everything he has done so far has been self serving, why end at religious intolerance and bigotry?
Heck ya man! We gotta organize man, we do!! Lets get on board the CRUSH CRUSH CRUSH Truck! Honk ! Honk! Join our non-partisan facebook page Canadians Rallying to Unseat Stephen Harper. Toot! Toot!
Why the hell do Muslims want to come to Canada if we are such a despicable bunch of racist kurrs?  Oh but they forgive us and try to accept us.   How magnanimous.  How much of their objection to us is just taqiyya?
Errors on the part of individual priests' ignorance or poor judgment cannot be imputed to the Church's teaching or to Christ's divine command.
If you need to claim you're world class - you're not. Toronto pols haven't figured that out.
 'Patriot'? What does that mean? '  'The ownership disqualifies it...' is what answers that. Levant is Jewish and 'patriot' is code for neo-nazi et al.
If they're silent, they're not giving scandal, are they?  But that really wasn't your point.  I think you just wanted to remark that some priests and religious might be gay...  ..and being gay, of course (although you neglect to mention it) is NOT reason to deny a public funeral.
This is the new age Canada now, workers rights have been eroding rapidly.  Consider having a sex change, claim to be homosexual/lesbian or develop some deviant mental disorder if you want any type of workplace protection - sorry folks, I'm dead serious on this one.
Fr. Martin is becoming Moses-like.  Pinning the snake of homosexuality and mounting it high on a pole.  Bringing it out of the darkness of unconscious fear.
Of course transgendered people could be a risk, as could anybody else.  Ask Edward Snowdon.   Linking sex to military security in the modern age is a huge stretch.  Blackmail is no longer particularly effective.
I'm more worried about my child sitting on a soiled (urine, feces, blood, etc) toilet seat than of a transgender person occupying same bathroom. Please get over yourselves.
What would happen if the U.S.A. simply backed out and let the Palestinians, other Muslims and Israel sort out their problems?   Why does the U.S. government think it has to support Israel?  Why does the U.S. government think it's so important  to support Israel?
Dalton McGuinty was a puppet of the teacher's unions.
Especially the United Way and it's member agencies!
Here is a thoughtful critique of the TV show in question from a trans blogger: https://sexdrugsmh.wordpress.com/2017/01/13/thoughts-on-transgender-kids-who-knows-best/
When the commander-in-chief says:  'After consultation with my Generals and military experts please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow Transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military' - I believe that technically makes the President himself the credible source.
You forgot gettingvthe sisters back into habits, getting sent to hell for a hot dog on Friday and all Catholics wearing at least one scapular 24/7.  Oh, and getting rid of girl altar boys.
When someone, especially an elected official uses their power to cause personal unrest to another individual or population by accusing them of being linked to Muslim terrorists, you've lost your right to free speech.  How's it feel to have your pants on backwards?
Free enterprise will always be with us
Typical of Ms Wente....just pick the data that supports her point and don't bother doing any more research or analytical work than she has to.
The league is asleep at the wheel. Either way, this was going to end up in court, so instead of having to deal with controversial transgender politics, they should have simply disqualified Beggs on the basis of her/him using a banned performance-enhancing substance.
You were just as much as females who couldn't become firefighters because of the physical requirements.
Ah yes, the liberal architects of the oil war in Afghanistan, security certificates, Maher Arar, torture, rendition, etc... How nice, they have something to say on how not to do it.
So Hitler was anti jew because he left alone 50 percent of the Jewish people in the world? The KKK isn't racist because they leave black people in Africa alone? You have a high bar for discrimination.
If it walks like a duck, quacks like a duck, chances are it’s a duck
YOU NEVER USE GOOGLE EARTH? DON'T USE GOOGLE. I GET ADS FOR TRIPS TO CUBA ALL THE TIME. AND OLD AGE HOMES. SO WHAT? YOU WANT THE INTERNET TO COST NOTHING? THERE MUST BE ADS.
Reagan wasn't arguing for an absence of government - but the belief by the left that the government should control every aspect of your life.
I'm 'avoiding facing the truth'. Someday, people like me will be assembled in stadia to face the truth in great climate change rallies. There, Truth will be presented on a very large screen while we hail those who have saved the planet.
Trid, Many Muslims state that those who state that they are killing in the name of religion are using religion as a shield, not acting in the name of Islam.
If one can 'pray the gay away', then any sad cleric should be a few 'Our Father's and 'Hail Mary's away from bliss...
The BDS movement and the anti-Israel propaganda disseminated on our country's university campuses has unleashed the worst in people on the political left. The anti-Jewish bigots of the left feel emboldened as they hide behind the billowing skirts of Auntie-Semitism.
> If the Holy Spirit has been so assiduous in guiding the Church, then either the Holy Spirit is really bad at it or else has a very nasty sense of humor.  Please give an instance in which the Holy Spirit has lead the Church astray.
Accurate headline, Yes they are up against the same obstacle - Catholicism!
And what is fair share? Who are you to tell others what is fair and what is not? Typical liberal.
So you approve of homophobia, dishonesty and misogyny in the Catholic Church, and this is what the people who run should be standing for? You think that 'pray, pay and obey' is the sole job of the laity?
Demographics would like to differ and tv ratings. Majority of blacks, Chinese, Jews and Flippinos prefer Basketball. These groups combined together represent a powerful force in demographics and  finance.
According to Trump's logic, blacks should share the blame for slavery, Jews should take responsibility for the holocaust and the protesters who were run over by the vehicle are guilty of damaging the car.
No, I'm showing the weakness of your position. You know that to argue against the transabled mutilating their bodies is to argue against the transgendered doing the same thing.
Right on.Free these journalists only doing their job as journalists. But both the Harper and Obama administrations have hailed the Egyptian dictatorship as a 'return to stability'.
There be no time for warning sirens when the Islam/Muslim fanatics steps out of their Trojan Horse and starts the slaughter in the name of Allah! yelling: Allahu Akbar!
No, they just give Islam a pass and they will again for this latest attack carried out in the name of Islam .
ya but how many Gay Parades has Trump been to.
Oh yes, the time of the Crusades was very secular and Democratic!
How nice! whiskycharlie crawled out the the cesspool to post.
uh... "thoughtful"? when she didn't even bother to read the book?
What about the Establishment Clause leads you to think Trump has the constitutional right to ban Muslims? (which is what the order is)
Yes. 'Intrinsically disordered' is an insult thrown at gays to prove that the institutional Church has rejected them.
No I'm only obsessed with the Jewish holocast let's get forget about it  Your a loser  No that's bullying  Go cry baby Go to a real college and gain an intellect
Most of what I've seen in OCP's publications is not what I would call .... Music fit for a King.  Exactly who are we trying to please here, yourselves  or the Lord. Garbage, Garbage, Garbage. No wonder Catholics can't  or won't sing.
Could Pius XII have done more? Perhaps. He did take action to the Jews of Rome, though he made no public statement.
what blows my mind is how black slaves adopted the religion of white European slave owners, and abandoned their African American religion/culture. As the son of a Native American I have been baffled by members of my family who adopted Christianity that tried to genocide Native Americans.
These transgender folks have a method to their madness.  They want the government to pay fo their body alteration.  The costs of this type of operation is costly and they feel the tax payers  should pay for it
Glbalsoul, you need to research Agenda 21 (Sustainable Development) because that's the global geo-strategy you are so misinformed about. I'm willing to bet that your first instinct after this is that I'm a Harper supporter, right? Get informed!
and your post take first prize for absurdity.
Passer - if they have commitment they will become citizens. Simple. You show commitment by becoming a citizen.
David-G2-regardless, it's the government that set the rules. There's no way the IESO would want anything to do with pain in the neck solar and wind if it was up to them.
In some circles, Christianity for example, a death in a dysfunctional society diminishes me as much as a death in a peaceful, prosperous society.
I recall Iggy's eloquent dialogue about how the Liberals are like Puffins who clean up after themselves by burying their skat. Harper's pooping puffin hate ad will go down in history along with the Liberals soldiers in the streets classic.
If Scaramucci is indeed a good Catholic (Christian), then I must be on the road to sainthood.
When are Indians going to join the American Tribe and stop whining about the past?  Jews have a similar or worse past yet seek to integrate not segregate themselves .
All forms of hate needs to be eliminated. All forms of racism, Islamophobia, Homophobia, anti-semitism and laws discriminating against Transgenders. We need to get behind Justin, Obama, Hillary and Premier Wynne and fight all forms of hate!
What is Harper afraid of ? Let the prisoner speak. He was a kid when he killed the American man in military uniform in the heat of battle. They were both enemy combatants.
The Bible makes minces no words--slavery is okay, so is stoning homosexuals, and committing genocide. The only false equivalence is your brain.
Why would anyone allow publicly-funded Catholic schools to promulgate  the church’s perverse and dangerous views on sex?
I think both camps have been strengthened. However, I seriously hope it won't go the way like American politics, where you'll have 45% going very hard one way, 45% very hard the other way, and 10% kind of wishy washy.
What does this have to do with the corruption talked about in the article?  Are you saying that the entire US Navy has been corrupt since 1967?  Why do you hate Jews because of what President Johnson did?  Was he Jewish?
My, my.  I bet you kill other living creatures as well. You're really bloodthirsty. A typical arrogant human predator. The worst of the worst. Hitler used the same 'reasoning,' lies, biases and hate in his quest to eliminate the 'vermin' Jews. You're a lot like him.
Agreed. A parade of self-loathing gay people, ephebophiles, gay rights advocates plus MSW and Andrew Sullivan does not an argument make.
I agree with the sentiment and the respect shown. And it maybe notable that two of the three national Leaders are Montrealers.
An Islamist?  What a shock.  I thought it was an American angry white guy.  Our spud Junior has hatched the same future for Canada by allowing in 35,000(!!!) Syrian 'refugees' without proper vetting.
No we didn't. A fresh platform, new ideas. The same old same old would be austerity, for instance. Lots of new faces in among the seasoned veterans and an smart, tough, energetic, kind-hearted, optimistic leader who has proven himself truly worthy.
Who cares?  She didn't win because she was transgender, she won because she '...focused on jobs, schools and, with particular fervour, northern Virginia's traffic congestion.'  Politics is a contest of ideas, the best of which have nothing to do with what's between your legs...
It is not headscarf.  It is the philosophy of subjugation of women (four wives, genital mutilation, unfair inheritance), hatred against homosexuals, and despising secularism..
David Thomson and Galen Weston Sr. And all along we get told by anti-Semites and their ilk that wealth is a  Jewish attribute.
Free Speech. No to M-103.  Stop spreading of Islam in Canada. Stop converting Canada into an Islamic country.  Limit Muslim Immigrants into Canada. Limit Mosques in Canada.
No, just Diversity. It's all he thinks about: Diversity, Diversity, Diversity, the answer to everything.
RD, so anyone who disagrees with you is 'slope headed?'  I haven't seen the geometry of your noggin, but, what ever it is, it hasn't helped you make logical, honest, or Christian posts.
This is a great example of how badly catechized too many Catholics are.   And yet it doesn't slow their typing.    A 'liturgist'.
Your prejudice is showing. Rather blatently. And perhaps you need to search the net before making statements. A Google search of John Hopkins and transgendered surgery states that as of last year, starting a program for transgender surgery. I guess they don't agree anymore with Dr.McHugh.
If they feel hurt by it, why do they keep on doing it? Is peer pressure actually that overwhelming that it turns off the brain?
Name one Islamic country where gays can live as freely as they do in Western countries... including the ones with large 'evangelical' populations and I'll call you a liar.
Transgendered need treatment, NOT political correctness.  No matter how hard you want to be to be a male…after operation after operation…and what your family and friends do to collude with your fantasy....if your DNA says, female, you are FEMALE!
The world just laughs at Vancouver
Harper is dismantling the peace, order and good government that once was, he is guaranteeing that the left can never put it back together without natural resources extraction. Harper is very much remembering his base.
How wrong art thou? Let me count the ways:  (1) Qur'an doesn't order Muslims to kill people on the basis of belief (2) Qur'an says nothing about 72 virgins (3) Dismissing a book you haven't read as 'evil' without reading it--you clearly haven't read it--is stupid.
No.Not according to Obama himself, the Pentagon spokesman and John Kerry. But perhaps you have quotes from them to the contrary that support your absurd contention that you can share with us?
And Strom Thurmond fathered a child at age 22 with a 17-year-old black girl.....and yet most would still consider him a racist.    Besides, it is possible to have no racist tendencies towards Jews and yet still look down at blacks.
You've asked for another office to be set up.  How nice.  Let us know when that happens.  Some Catholics are young enough they might still be alive and even give a d***.
Right next to the part that says gays and lesbians can marry.  And right next to the part that says the word 'Penalty' means 'Tax' in Obamacare.
Absolute nonsense.  Where do you get this stuff? Trump has as much to do with White Supremacy  as Obama with radical Islamic terrorists.
The PM's role is leadership, not facilitation and not equivocation. His father understood that. Pierre cared not a whit what his critics thought. You may not have agreed with him, but no one doubted he was in charge.
The time has come to profile in London as well as the United States.  Israel has been profiling for years and the incidents of terrorism has dropped significantly.  The Muslim ban must take place until they can be vetted properly and carefully.  It's just common sense.
Cassandra: Now that you are mocked in the Trudeau stories, I see that you are hanging out with your second love i.e. jew bashing
You can put lipstick on a pig, but it's still a pig. And boy, is there ever a lot of lipstick on that pig! And rouge... And foundation... And hairspray. Even Carrot Top points at Harpo and laughs.
Take away his security clearance. Fraud and lying was used to.obtain it. He should go back to slum lording business. Does not belong in WH staff. NO,absolutely NO diplomatic experience.  Oh wait,he Jew.
Which is why we shouldn't give this right to any state. A government will always act in its own self interest.
All form of hate need to be eliminated racism, homophobia, Islamophobia, Anti-Semitism, discrimination against Transgenders. We must get behind Justin, Obama, Hillary and Premier Wynne and fight Trump and this racist Quebec law!
gender inequality, intolerance,'You espouse these views yourself, whenever the topic of gay rights comes up.Kinda makes you look like an idiot, defending intolerance then supporting it.
Any republican claiming the moral high ground because they oppose gay marriage and abortion should be reminded that they voted for a man who bragged about grabbing women by their pu$$ies and whose wife has posed naked for a lesbian photo shoot!
SNC lobbied the Prime Minister, the Prime Minister pressured the Attorney General. The Attorney General said no. The Prime Minister removed this Attorney General. Enough of this political Mumbo jumbo.
So Hilary accepting millions from countries that still stone women to death, and kill people who are gay is acceptable? Again who is the whore in the house?
Aren't Porta Potties transgender?
The only thing I'm worried about is if Malina goes home too early will tRump keep his hands to himself and not be grabbing under the table, or shoving his uncontrollable appetite into the women's bathroom.  Hey, he might get ahold of a transgender.
And how is your covenant of marriage ruined by the existence of gay marriage? Please elaborate on your persecution and oppression.
Do the one million GOVERNMENT WORKERS care? They delude themselves that they saved 100, 000 jobs from cuts If Wynne cannot decide to cut the credit ratings agencies, creditors and lenders will decide for her And it will hurt more when they do it
That was ...... gay lol what are you woot wooting about???? Find some candy in your pocket?
I did not write the Gospel.  Take it up with God.  I could state a person who suffers sexual attraction to children is nature, not choice and love is a right of nature.
The RCC is simply an institution bent on profit and power.'  There is a special place for those who malign the Church that Catholics hold dear, and a special ignominy in being once a Father of Church and saying such things.
No but it is funny that the Islamic terrorists are for the most part right wing followers.  They are conservatives.  Fact.
No matter what party each of us is from, no matter whether you agree or disagree with the nannies issue, can we all, together, please focus on important issues? There are so many, let's pick one and start working as a proud nation.
It's not just at the college campuses. How many newspapers are shutting down their comments section? How many comments are eliminated even though the comment makes no threat of harm.
You mean it was Richard's venue.
If my memory serves me well, it wasn't even legal back then when this happened for homosexuals to marry.
I think the biggest gay concentration is in Toronto not Montreal but that doesn't matter,because in Justinians mind doesn't concentrate on the foul taste in his mouth just take a deep breath and savor the sacrifice for the win.
Aw the child porn lovers come out to defend Flanagan, how touching..
Voting for Hillary and being Catholic is an oxymoron .  Abortion is an abomination in the eyes of God.
All things are equal to all others'- you agree with that, you shouldn't even have children
Meanwhile, on the military transgender front...
What was it Jesus said to 11 other men again? - 'You will all lose faith.' Those 11 went on to show themselves to be weak, cowards, unbelievers and..... the greatest saints of our Church.  'Can anything good come out of.... Germany?'
Another conservative family-values politician goes down again.  Interesting how almost all of these conservative family-values people eventually get caught with their pants down.  At least  he was  only a Baptist Deacon and not a Catholic priest or Catholic Bishop sexually molesting innocent little boys.
Back to the Supreme Court of Canada. The judge was correct. Make the Catholics pay for their own faith-based religucation.
Trump’s Navy Secretary On Transgender Troops: ‘Any Patriot’ Should Serve
...Trump's hateful ban of transgender troops weakens our nation...'  1st, his ban wasn't 'hateful'.  2nd, his ban strengthens our Military. 3rd, what the ban does weaken was the damage Barack Hussein Obama's hatred of our Military wrought.
There is no proof that this is the alt right.  It is equally possible that it is the  alt left.  Both groups hate jews. Furthermore, the latter hates Trump and would be happy to set him up for responsibility..
This is like those folks who disown any of their fellow religionists who get caught doing something wrong as 'not real Christians.'
You'd feel safer in Afghanistan or Iraq or Pakistan than in Kansas?  The Vegas shooter was motivated by Christianity?   Or was Dylan Roof?  Just stop.   There is no Christian extremist movement on a crusade of killing people.
ZayWhat, No harm to society as a result of open use of pot. But slow death for an economy based on slave wages.
Lesbians can only get pregnant with help from a MAN. You know, like one man - one woman?
Hahahaha, you're quoting a right-wing Republican vice-president forced to resign in disgrace.     And stayed in disgrace: 'In 1976, he briefly reentered the public spotlight and engendered controversy with what Gerald Ford publicly criticized as 'unsavory remarks about Jews'.'
Ya that 60% efficacy rate (at best, most years, slightly higher this year) will do wonders to keep everyone safe. I'm in favor of the flu shot for most, but nowhere near stupid enough to believe that it keeps me, and everyone around me, safe
dome:  You are describing a he/she or she/he or Trans something.
Another minion of Satan. Bergoglio (Lord Of Flies) Continues his usurpation. All who help the anti-Christ who currently occupies Saint Peter's throne, will answer for this blasphemy.  Repent or be damned.   in nomine eius
Why would the daughter of a draft dodger, who has just slapped the face of every serving American transgendered person be chosen for a ceremonial task of honour?  Time to for the government to remove her from the guest list.
Those pharisees said Jesus was a cafeteria Jew.   I don't know why, cause  Jewish food is delicious (except that gefilte fish, oy gevalt, it's shreklekh).
Cannabis has been used to treat addiction to hard drugs -- might work for Nicholson and Toews as well ... we could only hope.
GDP grew during the financial melt down of 2008 and onwards? Now who's drinking the coolaid.
Target still hasnt recovered since their stock tanked after implementing their store's gun free status, and Obama's transgender bathroom nonsense.  How could this 'news story' ignore that 10,000 pound elephant in the room?
Anti Muslim name????? How exactly is defending France against invading moors in 729AD 'Anti Muslim'?
If Trump's goal was to ban all Muslims, why does his executive order apply to only 1% of the Muslims in the world?
More treacherous than Nixon?  Yet, the outgoing tyrant called white, christian, conservative a domestic terror threat.  Hey, Berstein, GPS!
Canada was established on Biblical principles.
What Quebec wants is Chinese immigrants who drop off half a $-million on their way to Vancouver.
True, we can just ask gays their experience and then trust them when they provide it. Sexual morality is for them, not for God. What bothers you more is not their morality but the public authority of the Church hierarchy, which God does not care about.
OH NO! The snowflakes will have to pay for their education of black studies, women's studies and transgender studies! Oh the humanity!  The good news is that a degree in transgender studies will ABSOLUTELY help you get into a profession paying $150K year.
Gay rights are more than marriage. But yes, if you are against gay marriage, you're a bigot. And you are a bigot. Roskell.
Ad absurdum much? 6 million Jews, not arguable. 6 billion sperm? very arguable.
Great writing. As an ex parrot... er.. christian - it's good to hear of good sense in amongst the adoring patness.
I think the G&M gets these 'articles' for free - and the authors thereby obtain a soap box for their pet diatribes, mostly uninformed !
Such clubs fan the spirit of victimhood and nurse self-focus.  Never a good thing to do.  I can't see St Maximilian Kolbe (feast day today) starting a club in Auschwitz for 'condemning the bigots' who gassed the Jews and himself.  Instead, he used all of his time very well...serving others.   Argument emptied.
Funny, no parliamentary motion to quell the Quebec imam who preaches for the extermination of the 'accursed Jews.'
Star_Chaser - 'The most bigoted people I have seen here are the Harper haters.'Just like Israelis and Jews who oppose the policies of the Israeli government are 'anti-Semites'? Your attempts to criminalize political opinion are pathetic.
Canadians won't be in a position to say 'we have made amends' for at least a generation AFTER the government has demonstrated it is treating aboriginal people with respect. That has only just started after a decade of going backwards.
Which military commander is saying that transsexuals are good for the military?  Name one.
A 'post-American era'--what is Hillary a secret Muslim like Obama?
Let me get their logic straight: Jesus was a pedophile, so it's ok for Roy Moore to be a pedophile?  Wow.  Just wow.
Pizi It makes no sense to occupy a strip of land partially occupied by and surrounded by your enemies. Nothing to do with ownership of the land.  If Jews bought Palestine, their reception would be the same. It makes no sense to..........................
CDNWorker writes: 'Honesty and integrity do matter.'=============The recent Ontario election demonstrated that these two things are not particularly high on the list of voter concerns.
I could also ask why left-wing Catholics supported an amoral philanderer conman like Bill Clinton.
forwhatisworth, When these people started 50 years ago to want to kill all Jews and continue to think like that instead of negotiating a settlement they deserve what they have. Terrorists are terrorists and desrve to live in ruins.
Yippee! And the point of this is what exactly? To trivialize homosexuality even further? I'm thinking opening the first all-gay lawn care service. That will make me 'courageous'!
So the children graduating from Catholic Schools have actual knowledge that the Catholics Imaginary Supernatural buddy is a fraud and public School Grads do not?  Private Schools do better because they can refuse or expel problem students, or ones that require more resources.
Russians didnt like Hilary Clinton, Israelis hated Obama (Bibis government) Both Russians and Israelis meddled in the election. But everyone is very quiet about the Israelis. Putin and Bibi hooked up last week never mentioned in mainstream media. I guess being Jewish has its privileges !
How about the rights of working Canadians who pay $14 BILLION a year in funding they get with no accountability?
No, he's not proTrump, but only because Trump is anti-Muslim. And unless you're a Muslim, Minshall has no use for you.
sorta like the anti infidel hate practiced by the Muslims.
When it calls me a 'rag-head' I disagree.  Guess since it's a tranny should be OK for me to punch it out without being accused of 'hitting a woman'...
Neither is Bernie, but Bernie is also trusted by the people.
Baloney! Separate school boards in Alberta feature prayers and Catholic religious courses. Holidays at Christmas and Easter are Christian celebrations. You'd do better to hide your prejudices and keep your shallow thoughts to yourself.
We need a cohesive plan to get paid for our resources in cash in envelopes.
Your equalization money.
Can you provide proof that the number of reported hate crimes against jews has been falling?
Not like the right wing was obsessed for 8 years with the secret-Muslim, non-American, baby-killing Obama, no?
Check the FBI and CIA sites for information on the religious affiliations of terrorist groups. There are definitely Christian-affiliated (self-identified as Christians) terrorists.
What trash, Tridentinus!  There are many who leave the Church for other very important reasons, the sex abuse cesspool for example.  Your rigidity reflects something entirely different from the Church of the Gospels.
Your post is very short-sighted and uneducated......trans-gender restrooms has got to be just as important to the council.
Right on! Each time Harper opens his mouth, I?m reminded of, ?I did not have sex with that woman,? and ?It?s not a crime, when the president does it.?
Get ready for more of this nonsense.  Once transgendered rights are elevated to the point of disallowing any thoughtful criticism, the lunatics will use their new found powers in ways that make 'self serving' an understatement to say the least.
don't shoot the messenger Skeptical - if you all you have is insults and abuse, you have as much as admitted you don't have a position you can defend and the other right.
He'd feel as safe as he did in the broom closet.
Perhaps if you avoided hard liquor this early in the day, that may make a difference in how you approach the subject matter?
Fair points on Adams and Blair.
You look into people's eyes
Of course, Naomi Klein's not arguing we should force the third world to pay for emissions reductions, but keep tilting at that windmill Ms. Wente.
Jewish fundamentalists (Haredim) in Israel would prefer a rabbinate rather than democracy- a Jewish version of Sharia law.
Another, Want to ease the suffering of your working life? Don't suck up to your corrupt corporate employers and don't kick down on ordinary working folks.
According to the author, to be in favour of human rights and against occupation and colonisation is 'pro Palestinian'. So logically support for Israel is........
Gee....when I bought a house in Anchorage in 1980 I thought I'd moved to Alaska.  Searched through your link.  Didn't find a reference to 'sex', or 'gender', or even the part word 'trans'.
RD, wrong again.  Obama's was an effort to revet people from a country known to have terrorists.  Trump's is a ban on people from countries that just happen to be Muslim and where Trump has no business dealings.
In fact, most people interpret what the CDF said as meaning that homosexuals are 'intrinsically disordered'. Homosexuals do almost unanimously.
I suppose that white men might also be transgendered so...
Ask Marshall, the loser. His campaign went negative or Roem being a transgender woman. Ask Trump why he wants to throw all transgender people out of the military. Ask the 'family values' crowd, they equate being transgender with being a sex offender.
lies-vast majority of Christians support ay marriage
I think you'd get better luck with dogs! At lease they have loyalty.
Hey my fellow Christian person, I'm happy to pay for healthcare like Jesus commanded us as soon as we make abortion illegal and outlaw homosexuality. Oh yeah I forgot this isn't a Christian nation unless it's convenient to commies.
True. Unless of course the skinhead said he was gay. Then it's bake baker bake. The Little Guy
Not a cent....period.....sadly our rather stealthy government will probably funnel money to this and hope no one finds out, just like Khadr, just like bringing in the Gays secretly.
You yourself hate Western principles. What's your opinion on gay rights? If your comments on here are any indication, exactly the same as the Muslim point of view!
If the Holy See quietly vetoed a homosexual representative, then why do they appear to be willing to work with a heterosexual mistress & her adulterous spouse?? Could it be all that GOP friendly K of C money??
Another arch Liberal blames someone else for his hate speech. It's not unlike Hillary blaming the women her husband abused. Or Barack Obama  when he blamed White people for Black crime, or when he blamed Americans for Muslim terror.
Lots of so-called Christian suckers. The same people who give to these hucksters vote for Trump and believe his lies.  As Lincoln said, in a woderful euphamism for fools, 'You can fool some of the people all of the time.'
I'll bet you were first in line to decry obomba mandated transgender bathrooms.
Pathetic to hear you think Christ died to end poverty; pathetic to hear you mock the idea that he came to save souls.
So the Church employee was fired for entering a gay marriage.  You expect the Church to continue to employ someone whose conduct is in the face of the Church's significant moral teaching?  Why should it?
Not even a tenth of one percent of students are transgendered.  D I S T R A C T I O N
Ah. The gays are threatening your straightitude, huh? Your neighbour, mowing his lawn shirtless, makes you question your life choices?  Maybe you should seek out Mike 'Get out of my uterus' Pence for his conversion therapy.
I hope that this will be a good time to move away from only victims of Catholic priest predators and include other ministers, school teachers, scout leaders, coaches, and others in positions of trust and authority who have abused children in their care.
Known for his controversial views, Drollinger has said of Catholicism: 'It's the world's largest false religion.'  Christiantoday.com  Catholics who jump in bed with fundamentalists might just be really, really deceiving themselves.
a catholic priest molested children?  Surprise, surprise, surprise.
So the transgender members of the military in other countries have never fought and died  for freedom in the name of their country.
It is a human rights issue for the  'Human' fetus.   It is synonymous with the Nazis sterilizing Jews.
Jews breathing in Israel 'upsets the Arabs'. Women serving in the IDF 'upsets the Arabs'.  It's time either some people put their adult pants on and stopped being upset, or the rest of us just ignored their constant offense and rage
The Church is now in a full-blown civil war over doctrine.'  A headline from a Catholic paper not pron to hyperbole or click-baiting.  http://www.catholicherald.co.uk/commentandblogs/2017/02/15/the-church-is-now-in-a-full-blown-civil-war-over-doctrine/
I loved that line from Powells email pointing out ho her Hubris touched everything she did, and messed everything she touched. And he was a supporter!
Get with the times, Pal! Russia, non-Communist, is our ALLY in fighting ISIS, unless, of course, you are a proponent of innocent severed heads. Why don't you extol the Catholic virtues of faith, hope, & CHARITY!
I see that you, Motley, care more about semantics than facts. You can always find an angle that justifies white racism. You would make a 'good German'. They never asked where the Jews disappeared to.
Both Climaxica and colin7 are right. Faith and fantasy feed the soul. Science and the reality of mortality feed the brain.
So, you feel that WORKING FOR the people running the death camps which were killing communists, Russians, Jews and other undesirables was preferable to STOPPING those deathcamps from committing even more war crimes and mass murder? With friends like you, Freeland needs no enemies.
In the interest of 'firsts' and political correctness, I won't be satisfied until we get Hawaii's first transgender Tongan-Vietnamese midget as police chief.   Hiring a regular white woman is such a huge disappointment.
Typical Marxist Pfleger. Has he ever sought the conversion of any non Catholics to the one true faith. The 'violence' of damnation is far worse that that which the gun or knife can inflict.
What happens when transgendered people go off their hormones? How does that affect their fitness for active duty?
Gay promiscuity and fornication is wrong, which is why, because some kind of sex is moral for them because they are differently ordered, not disordered, the Church should offer a marriage right, or rather reinstate the one it had in honor of Bacchus and Sergio.
I have herd of bone heads but those that oppose Trump's desire to stop Islam should take not f the following and please put a cork in your poorly educated brains DO A STUDY OF ISLAM FIRST !  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=axe_NcIEfsU  http://jesus-is-savior.com/False%20Religions/Islamic%20Muslim/islam_exposed.htm  http://www.informafrica.com/afrikan-consciousness/religious-slavery/exposing-islam-religion-the-quran-and-barbaric-muhammad/  http://www.exposingchrislam.com/  Deception  http://www.meforum.org/2095/islams-doctrines-of-deception  http://islammonitor.org/index.php?option=com_content&id=4394:great-lies
Ghetto Hill doesn't realize that Trump has a Jewish son in law, convert daughter and Jewish grandchildren. Also a black friend named Dr. Ben Carson. Not the traits of a white supremacist bigot.
They are in this case - do you seriously think that only religious rights are at stake here?  In fact, that was the concern - Christian intervenors allowed, LGBTQ, not so much.
how would a gun registry have prevented attacks by these muslims ?
Agree.  Can't see what all the fuss is about having a gay scene and gay character.  Especially when the main theme of the movie is beastiality.
Breaking News:  Donald Trump opens fire on 5th Avenue--several wounded; in a strong show of support, pro-life Catholics rapidly come to his aid.
Maybe you should try using water bombers instead of F18s...
If this woman was black or brown and a Muslim the jury and the courts would impose an immediate, maximum sentence.
So what are you proposing - other than more flooded basements.
That’s racist, xenophobic, islamophobic. That’s the extent of debate from you and your ilk. I’ll now gladly just call you mentally retarded and move on to someone with the intelligence to Debate in the first place. That’s what happened to debate.
Oh Yes - The Media IS FILLED with account of Christian Terrorists blowing up planes, people, launching Jihad etc. etc. etc....While we are at it, PLEASE share some stories of Christian Polygamists and Beastiality as well....Yes, that is what we thought.
Well said, Heckler!  And I believe you are on to something important: whatever difference there may have been in the past between a murdering, marauding Muslim extremist and a murdering, marauding Democrat Party extremist now would appear to be approaching the vanishing point.
It'll deteriorate, as it already appears to have done, into usual Catholic cultish 'Religious freedom for Me but not for thee.'
You must think it is un-Christian to carry a gun.  But when did Christ say it's impermissible to kill in self-defense or defense of a third party?  He didn't.  In fact, the Catechism correctly says that such self-defense is a duty.
Come in your car, come on the bus, crawl out of your box, every tranny, woman, and cisgendered male has a claim on the impeachment of this fool!  Just bring your own hypodermic needles
Maybe Muslims should consider their plight in today's world and realize that they are a foul philosophy and should change there ways and stand up and denounce the killings and atrocities of their own doing first....Just do not like the crap they are spreading in the world...
Trump is under the opinion that transgender 'bathroom rights'  is an issue to be regulated at the state, not federal, level which I believe to be correct. The Feds have many issues to confront, where a child goes to tinkle at school shouldn't be one of them.
SO MUCH PROPAGANDA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Even the NyTimes reported how Soros and Clinton-financing Soros funded these marches, the man who was a Nazi Collaborator who saw his 'fellow' jews get sent off to the ovens. He is insane, mad and driving much of this madness to overthrow actual democracy.
Change it to Jew hating crowd then you cannot evade what I mean.  What a dopey reply.  'Antisemitism (also spelled anti-Semitism or anti-semitism) is hostility, prejudice, or discrimination against Jews. A person who holds such positions is called an antisemite.'
You have my respect and thanks. (Oncologist in Ontario)
The truth is that Roman Catholics and Protestants have more in common theologically than they have differences; this needs affirmation and celebration. The differences are predominantly (if not only) ecclesiological. It is ridiculous to allow ecclesiology to dictate relationships...at any level.
Hirono, who serves on the Senate Armed Services Committee, said, 'Transgender Americans serve our country with honor and distinction.''  And their names are???..........
Supplemented by the Jewish truck drivers attacking Christmass parties
White Catholics were very narrowly in favor, 50 percent-49 percent.' How wonderful!  Really something to be proud of -- in the true tradition of Jesus who always said that those who worship differently ought to be cast out.
You fail to mention Ruse is listed by SPLC for just this type of behavior and actually much wirse, including stalking gay bloggers to leave obscene comments. What Ruse did with Martin is mild. Ruse is totally obsessed with gays.
Why would the smiling, lying, Christian crusader Mike Pence need a lawyer for...............for lying?
What does the Church's TEACHING authority have to do with pedophilia? The 'sex abuse problem' has nothing to do with 'clerical control' other than the lavender mafia admitting far too many homosexuals into seminary.
No mention of the religion that preaches hatred of Jews in their places of worship.
>> But they didn't kill the Jews by the thousands or millions  They didn't? What kind of 'Hindustan' math are you using?
Right. A racist, sexist, bigoted, adulterous liar of a president should be supported, and those who voted for him praised.  Previous conservative presidents at least gave lip service to their Christianity. Do you really see Trump doing even that?
You have to admit the man is two faced. Witness the Alberta comments. He is above personal embarrassment.
Ontario Liberals are not BC Liberals.
Looking forward to Russell's next installment, which will mock Jews, suggest watermelon spritzers for the next BLM activity, and feature a picture of him making slanty eyes while standing in front of a statue of Buddha.
Does the Catholic Church force nuns to wear uniform, and don't they force nuns and priests into celibacy.  To me that is more repressive!
If the Nazis are eliminated then the Jews are OK.
The financial sink hole of the UN makes the Wynne Government look positively Thatcherite in its austerity.
Political power has been restored to its natural place: Central Canada.' Ugh. What a load of rubbish. Mason, in what world is that kind of attitude acceptable?
Re: 'People who claim to care about spreading hate in the name of religion are remarkably silent when hate is spread in the name of Allah.'  No more nor less so than they are remarkably silent when hate is spread in the name of the Christian God.
I thought he had. Did he not say he felt that Canada would be more helpful as the coalition partner that would help the refugees in the camps?
where did he blame the victims?  He's blaming a clash of ideologies and cultures.  The victims were individuals, not a culture. . although I suspect you would blame western culture for fostering an environment that leads to muslim terrorism Alceste.  Am I wrong?
Once upon a time, America ignored the slaughter of Jews. Once upon a time, America put Americans in concentration camps. In the present, America is supplying the illegal drug demand that fuels the killing and violence South o our border. In the present, America is the force causing the violence.
McHale, since you are in schism with the Roman Catholic Church, how do you reconcile that with your extreme interpretation of extra ecclesia nulla salus? You are proclaiming that you, yourself, are damned.
thats literally just a fancy way of saying 'muh women rights'
Malcolm:  We know that a 'lemon party' is an Orgy for old gay men.  I'm old, heterosexual, and seldom go to any parties.  I've flagged this post as a crude, ad hominem attack.  Gary Crum
They are Muslims.  Trump sees them as people with no worth.
There is no logical argument for outing gay teenagers and there is no logical argument for withholding factual information related to sexual health and wellness.  The UCP are revealing themselves as a group of anti-science dinosaurs hiding behind out dated religious concepts.
Super fakey bigot racist sexist 'christians' dont like to think too hard or deep ...
Oh me oh my THE SKY IS FALLING THE SKY IS FALLING! Watch out for Andrew Scheer! btw how can he ruin our country since Turdeau already has.
It would be fair enough to do so if large numbers young non-Muslim French men started saying they were there to 'die for Jesus' or the Napoleonic Code while committing crimes.
I would presume this move is to stop the transgender from joining the military for paid sex changes on the public dime.
dear scottd  Pride gets public funding for gay pride and gay rights  yet allows non-gay politics to march like Queers against Israeli Apartheid and Black Lives Matter  is this not incompetence? using public money for purposes the money was not intended for
That's all baloney nicky/truthhurts/retiree. You have no proof for any of that. You also need to watch your mouth with the insults. Oh, and try going back to public school to see if you can finish this time.
This is an extremely bright, ambitious, competitive woman who would love nothing more than to exceed her predecessor's time in office.'Sorry... you lost me after the first comma.
It should be remembered that ?Nations have no permanent friends or allies, they only have permanent interests.?
Hopefully, some of these more secular Israelis will end up in Canada.'Why?
Mulroney's legacy whether you like him or not 1. North American Free Trade 2. GST if they are bad we had about 20 years to get rid of them so they must be good or we are lazy and incompetent grudgingly admit Mulroney left a legacy CHRETIEN left none
President Dwight Eisenhower arrived at Union Station on a visit during the Second World War.'Huh? What was Eisenhower president of during WWII? The Elks club?
It's nice when a poster's punctuation mirrors the quality of their thoughts.
Not so much biased as clueless!
 .. They invite criminals and inspire crime.... 'And without a casino there would be no criminals or crime ?!
Trudeau: 'go ahead, watch me'Harper: 'Its too dark in here'
So that encompasses whiny non smokers as well?
So, what are you trying to say?
Is this a serious post?!?!
You must be a new Canadian.
Yeah, Harper can go to Helm.
How can one work with 'silly'?
If they return to Canada they can vote. If they remain abroad for 5+ years how is that 'valuable perspective' helping Canada?
LOL....when was India's history so illustrious?
WARD NEEDS ANOTHER DRINK
Gawwwwwwd seeeees alllllllll
My how you add to the discussion.
OH! What a marvellous idea!! All we'd have to do is firmly and strictly declare something like a War on Drugs.......Wait…
For Canada?s foreign-policy elite....'Nice of you to put the straw man of your argument in your first sentence.
Who suggested that prospective immigrants do NOT have the right to opinions about Canada?
Why is it that so many religious people can't distinguish between what's their business and what's someone else's?
 . . . there will be tens of thousands of Canadians if not more who will identify with him. And they will vote for him in droves again and again.'You mean if you're nuts you'll vote Liberal?
How, exactly, are you impacted if new Canadians swear their loyalty to Canada rather than to the British monarch?
Worse - Cruz
Anyone who has ever driven through, for example, Utica NY will understand why Trump succeeded.'Potholes???
You're likely right... but will there be any evidence?
If anything this piece suggest the immigrants are bringing the country up, not down,'Bingo!
because they have freedom of expression
""n fact, we need to figure out how to manage population decreases."" LOL !!! See: ""World population stabilization unlikely this century"" at science. org.
This province absolutely cannot risk another 4 years of NDP rule.'------Uh, when was the previous '4 years of NDP rule' in Alberta? How did I miss that? Did you cut those Modern Canadian History classes?
What's Jay Sherman blathering on about?
 A rose by any other name smells as sweet....' Call them what you like. It changes nothing.
Red herring alert.
BS. What is your reference for this statement?
LOL! well said.
TWF - mind your own business.
You don't seem to know who appointed whom
And americans wonder why everyone hates them?
Hysterical: deriving from or affected by uncontrolled extreme emotion or relating to, associated with, or suffering from hysteria
Translation: Canadian Foreign Aid will be delivered by teaching Peruvians to rape their land for profit, which will be largely enjoyed by Canadian Mining Corporations. Steve also thinks there's a nice enslavable Native population there, too.
There's something tawdry about a commentator urging a political party to do what is in its narrow self interest. Is Mr Flanagan looking for a job as a Liberal strategist?
Bottom feeders ? It takes one to know one.
Get a life!
"Look no one is suggesting that Clinton is perfect...." That's good because Hill is the most corrupt US Presidential candidate EVER...
islam is the French underclass?
Did you just think that up yourself?
Mikey still has poopy pants from yesterday...
But to most of us, it just makes him look gullible.'=====No. Not that. What a stupid remark.
So the left does not trust judges?
how do you know the money wont be used to enrich shareholders first?
Two words....Bob Rae!
Wait, did this need a sarcasm flag?
Keep dreaming Liberals, but 'Le Dauphin' is not ready for primetime....
Overreact much?
Bombast and nonsense' Principal tools of the Harper gang.
Then why do Canadians go to the USA or Mexico for health care?
Seems to me that you are not thinking Konrad.
fewer obese people dressed in sweatpants.'... including the Mayor
Personally, I feel that picking through human feces at a sewage treatment plant is degrading and unseemly, but I would never suggest that it should be outlawed. 'Perfect!
This sounds like an ad from the Power Workers of Ontario.
...more learned liberal advisors...'Not only learned, but even 'more learned'? Where have they been hiding all these years?
HaHaHa! The comment section of the G&M has sure become the main message board for left wing numbnutz!. Far more balanced posting at the NP.'And you are here, Don. Welcome to the club, hahaha.
How does an idiot like that manage to pull down $107k a year?
Moon, Do you *really* need it spelled out to you?
This guy never signed up for Econ 101 in college...
He likely already has several diseases given...
Wrong!
John, are you taking a break from your determined search for those WMDs in Iraq?
Are you stuck in the 1950s?
Media monkey!
More like Trudeau's Fanzine.
If I had a son who was an incompetent president he'd look like...
And How many jihadists and sharia law proponents in the mix?
That's nice, sweetie, you keep thinking that
Keep telling yourself that.
You never made it out of grade 3.
"...all scientists all agree..." Where do you get this guff from?
No, I'd say you are a typical Canadian.
LOL. PET continually ranks in the top 5 of Canada's best PMs!
SayNothing has just turned 13! Happy birthday, SayNothing! BTW, how's grade 1 coming along?
Easy dear, just don't say anything
>> pursuing an international criminalSo you fell for that one, as well.
Bitter much?
"cut your iPhone more than basic cable TV cigarettes booze vacation" 'And get off my lawn you lazy kids!! 1!'
Dopiest comment I see is "The science is settled," typically one of your favourites.
Oh - so I imagine you have enquired about the curricula for each of the other subjects taught in our schools?
Do you always celebrate amateurishness?
And yet some Canadians seriously think that we should be sending the CAF to Mali... Do you think that maybe we'll need them here at home?
"We" were not all involved in the collapse of integrity and reason, Chipreader. He's been "Steve" to me, ever since the murdering oilman Dubya dubbed him.
Um, doesn't Donald have 'Big Hair'?
Yes - a truly naive piece of scribbling !
Stop labelling and just make your point.
Ah I see gay priest??
Well, if she's only gay at church...
Slavery killed a lot more Africans than Nazism did Jews.'  How did you calculate this?
LOL.  Please tell me it includes the one that thinks that having boys do household chores turns them gay.
All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing. ~ Edmund Burke
Gary:  Are you a Homosexual??????
How do you progs become such extremists?
Just in -  Trump has transgendered from female rattle snake to spitting cobra!
uniquely Canadian' really means 'from Cana-duh'
Alceste, Paris voted 10% Le Pen Paris is  20 % Muslim ? 20 % other immigrants ? 50% urban leftists? - so why is that surprising?
It's always a flukwing Jew, isn't it?
Let me guess: M.W. ?Elizabeth is a gem among the Globe columnists.
How many vegans are transgendered?
Forcing your doctrine down the throats of ...'  Why do opponents of gay rights so often use this metaphor?
This should be pretty simple for you to understand...
You know its not racism if it is the truth.
It was Catholics vs Protestants. How peripheral is that?
Who am I to judge?' means very little when you just got fired for being gay while working for a church.
Protesting against Islamophobia?!?   Sigh...Alice, close your eyes, we've reached a new level of sheer stupidity.  I wish these same progressives would protest against antisemitism.  Or anti-Christianity.  Those darn white people just aren't as politically 'SEXY'   How about we protest against selective religious intolerance?
So Hitler wasn't anti Jewish because he didn't kill all the jews?
US/Saudi supported 'moderate' terrorist head-choppers' No, Islamic supported and trained... Countries don't train people to be head choppers, organ eaters and yell 'Allah Akbar while killing each other and innocent people.
If their an obese transgender, do they get in?
Or a lawyer!
Love is seeing yourself in others.' ~Eckhart Tolle
In private, however, he was living with Charles Chiarelli, his lover since 1965.'   That sentence says it all.  Fr O'Neil was an active practicing homosexual priest.  I don't think you should compare Fr Martin to this fellow Jesuit.
Does it say loser on it?
...and what about the Holocaust ?...'the PAST is the PAST. It's time to move over' Tell that to the Jew community and see 'the avalanche' of commentators you'll get!
In transgender, why do we assume the brain is right and the body is wrong?
But you believe a few deranged Muslims represent the remaining 1.7 billion?
In other words: He's not gay!  Right?
Dear Western Society: Hosea 8:7
Why the hell do Muslims want to come to Canada if we are such a despicable bunch of racist kurrs?  Oh but they forgive us and try to accept us.   How magnanimous.  How much of their objection to us is just taqiyya?
 'Patriot'? What does that mean? '  'The ownership disqualifies it...' is what answers that. Levant is Jewish and 'patriot' is code for neo-nazi et al.
If it walks like a duck, quacks like a duck, chances are it’s a duck
Noone cares what you think
You obviously don't actually know any real liberals.
If one can 'pray the gay away', then any sad cleric should be a few 'Our Father's and 'Hail Mary's away from bliss...
$84 million on Viagra and Cialis, $8 miilion on Transgender according to a Rand Corporation study conducted in 2016.
How wrong art thou? Let me count the ways:  (1) Qur'an doesn't order Muslims to kill people on the basis of belief (2) Qur'an says nothing about 72 virgins (3) Dismissing a book you haven't read as 'evil' without reading it--you clearly haven't read it--is stupid.
Didja notice how Cohen is a 'Jew' first and then an American?
Right next to the part that says gays and lesbians can marry.  And right next to the part that says the word 'Penalty' means 'Tax' in Obamacare.
Aren't Porta Potties transgender?
well well well, look what the cat dragged in
The RCC is simply an institution bent on profit and power.'  There is a special place for those who malign the Church that Catholics hold dear, and a special ignominy in being once a Father of Church and saying such things.
You mean it was Richard's venue.
What was it Jesus said to 11 other men again? - 'You will all lose faith.' Those 11 went on to show themselves to be weak, cowards, unbelievers and..... the greatest saints of our Church.  'Can anything good come out of.... Germany?'
Trump’s Navy Secretary On Transgender Troops: ‘Any Patriot’ Should Serve
Are you a muslim Alceste?
Anti Muslim name????? How exactly is defending France against invading moors in 729AD 'Anti Muslim'?
How about the rights of working Canadians who pay $14 BILLION a year in funding they get with no accountability?
Your equalization money.
You look into people's eyes
^ ^ "the racists and the bigots have always been there... appeal to the lowest common denominator"
I suppose that white men might also be transgendered so...
because she's black & a tranny
>> But they didn't kill the Jews by the thousands or millions  They didn't? What kind of 'Hindustan' math are you using?
Patience is a virtue.
It has always been thus.
Choose? Are saying that being gay is a choice? That's been debunked decades ago. When did you make your choice as to your sexual orientation?
Inspiring!! First transgendered woman in the pagent!
You invite a guy into your house and you don't know he's Jewish? You just met him at the mall?
Are you Obi Wan Kenobi? Is your next line to tell us that we will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy?
When asked if he were a Muslim, the son should have replied: I am an American, my religion is none of your business.
"Canada is regarded as extremely well-governed ..." By whom?
Muslims...driving the wedge into the log, one stroke at a time.
Oh no -- are they doing that stupid Pokemon thing too?
Can someone name ONE Muslim dominated country where things are just fine?
Now what? How about waiting until the legislation is actually tested by people with the authority to make a ruling?
Yup. Why did the Church stop talking about sodomy (homo- and heterosexual) as sinful?
Ah the Christian taliban speaks!
Is you blatant racism meant to be representative of the views of most Catholics?
You couldn't pay me $1000 to go see the head of the Christian Taliban!
Aren't all gays female friendly?
Reality has a Liberal bias...
once she is President' ?? Getting ahead of ourselves aren't we?
Ward1 in Springfield: I don't think there is any evidence that the recent threats made nationwide against Jewish institutions originated in Eugene or even in this country.
When POTUS Trump speaks to the Boy Scouts it's political but when the left shoves gay propaganda down their throats it's educational.'.... Dinesh D'Souza‏
You get the government you deserve.
Well, I think we can rule out the Christians!
Says the greatest homophobic poster...
Shouldn't the title read 'Muslim extremist wrecks havoc on innocent students'?
Konrad isn't going to get an invitation to the inauguration of anyone even if it's held in Wilno or Barry's Bay!
You actually read that rant?
what good have the millions of fake Christians ever done for anyone?
Maybe better than lying and cheating
You think the USCCB would choose a transgender woman as a shill?
Seriously? No.  Socrates was Greek, therefore a Greek was Socrates.  Socrates was a homosexual therefore a homosexual was Socrates.
FormerDougCo, Is the baker asking the gay couple for a cake? How are gay people discriminating against religious conservatives. If your religion says you are to kill me, but I kill you first in self-defense, is my killing of you discrimination?
not an argument.
Transgender people to not vote Republican in 2020
One comment...WHO CARES?  What are there, maybe two transgender students in the state??
There is no such thing as secular values. Maybe that's why?
stoner' - a word with such positive connotations!
Ya where is the gender equality there??
Well it didn't take danepol too long to drag out that old canard - anti zionist = anti semitism! In fact I think Manjra is an equal opportunity phobe. His Islamophobia is positively shocking! And in Feinsteins casecase it is anti zionist=anti Semite=self hating non practising Jew!
Protestants? Jews?
Amen brother
Lesbian reject men so why should men protect them?
***And for my next comment, I will channel Roy's justification for everything***  You want Trump to fire someone just because he doesn't like Jews?  What is this? Nazi Germany?
Gay pornography?
 but to also dampen the traits of what makes America great, such as: compassion, inclusion, equal opportunity, fairness, equality, truth and justice.'-----------------------------In what fantasy world are they at?
Scot...you've missed a medication dose today?
What's the matter, James, Hitler didn't kill enough Jews for your liking?
Homosexuals are men right?
Legally and factually dubious claims about the law became the platform to oppose equality for trans and gender non-binary Canadians, cloaking the underlying transphobia that animated the opposition.'  Wow. Do the authors really believe this about their opponents?
Dumb and dumber?
who cares
The teaching of Paul IV is more likely to have led many to hell -- or to have led them to construct a hell on earth for Jews. 'By their fruits you shall know them.'
NP, I think you misread Klastri's comment.  It said, 'fundamentally evil when it comes to LGBT folks and women's rights,' meaning as he relates to those issues, not on the whole as your interpretation.
Really? Did you demand that Trump prove that Obama was a Kenyan Muslim?
Harper-crites unite!
Having a gay husband?
White Christians perhaps; not white evangelicals who are definitely not the majority!
... 'christians' have that mastered ...
Do your jewish friends know that you 'like' online comments that say that 'the zionists' control Canada?
Peace in our time!
How is a gay couple a federally protected class? Federal protected classes include:  •Race. •Color. •Religion or creed. •National origin or ancestry. •Sex. •Age. •Physical or mental disability. •Veteran status. •Genetic information. •Citizenship.
[... it appears officials were unaware of the incidents uncovered by The Globe]As Upton Sinclair said, 'It is difficult to get a man to understand something when his salary depends on his not understanding it.'
How can a Twit explain any-thing?
BURKE - the face of Roman Catholic Fascism!
Seems a bit early for a gay pride parade?
 ..how Canada's aboriginal culture actually forms the basis of many aspects of Canada's political/legal structure..'Total nonsense !
Science has no place in a Wente rant.
why is it that you hate jews so much?
I'm not really sure there was a transgender policy 50 years ago. That would be 1967?
Why fo gay guys always think they can get away with misogyny?
In your effort to balance gender you have given up competency.'I'd love your take on which ministers you believe are 'not competent'. This cabinet is filled with competent and talented people.
So, what does all that have to do with transgender?
Yeah, he'll put the UN in its place, just like he'll ban travel from Muslim countries and revoke Obamacare?
Does that mean Jews are cannibals?
You are too kind
I see they have Jews doing damage control
Last time I checked diabetes was an illness. Are you suggesting that transgenderism is also an illness?
Trump announces ban on transgender people serving in U.S. military'  How is that biased?
Only until he got elected.
<<I am curious what I look like thru 'hairy eyeballs.'>>  It seems I wasn't explicit enough: You look like a Catholic fascist.  But I didn't mean to derail the thread by throwing out a bit of snark.
Young and bright....' are there no older homosexuals?
And we prosper.
SayeSo Sayeth Martin, the Liberal uber-apologist.After the 'shock and awe' of Trump's victory, I'm surprised that he isn't still hiding in his 'safe space'.....
Morality is always arguable . . .'  Let me understand:  The morality of, say, exterminating 6 millions Jews is arguable?
Check ignition ....and may God's love be with you
Fine--why is he not condemning politicians --especially 'Catholic' politicians who support abortion with the same veracity?
So f?hlt sich der Reichspropagandaminister stark genug, in seiner Position, die F?hrung der Partei die Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiter-Frage zu stellen.
It's about time.
Um no. If i can't eat, what good is school or a lighted street going to do for me? I know people like you in the PS won't go hungry but I will. Perhaps you should read the article in the Financial Post...
It should be remembered that ?Nations have no permanent friends or allies, they only have permanent interests.?
Hopefully, some of these more secular Israelis will end up in Canada.'Why?
So, what are you trying to say?
Utter tosh.
Boule sheet.
Yup, and the Iraq people asked the Western Political society to use false premises and invade them. It has worked out quite well for them. Only 250, 000 Iraqi civilians have died post invasion. I guess this is 'public interest'
The West tolerates China because they are the manufacturer of the world, like they tolerate Saudi Arabia because that country has oil.
What nonsense.
He is as useless as teats on a bull.
Worse - Cruz
Interesting reasoning. No doubt you feel we should apply it in cases of human suffering as well. When disasters strike, when famines hit, when wars are afoot... if there's too many victims to treat them all humanely, we should euthanize them. Right?
You just lost the argument.
If anything this piece suggest the immigrants are bringing the country up, not down,'Bingo!
@ReasonInsteadofReligionPrecisely. You hit the nail on the head. The values of islam are not compatible with the fundamental values of the West.
""n fact, we need to figure out how to manage population decreases."" LOL !!! See: ""World population stabilization unlikely this century"" at science. org.
You digress ...
Red herring alert.
Because she is a Dalton McGuinty Liberal.
Baird would be a nightmare as PM.
I'd bet right now you'd have more success raising money to buy them plane tickets to send them back to Turkey / Jordan / Lebanon.
.Yes he did, and than the governments (US, UK, Russia and Canada) that make the decisions on the what, where, when and how sat on 'it', doing NOTHING) The UN does NOT make unilateral decisions, the nations that form the security council DO..
The plan is similar to the Chinese encouraging Chinese immigration into Tibet: destroy the local culture and replace it with another.
Two words....Bob Rae!
Wait, did this need a sarcasm flag?
Overreact much?
Religious child indoctrination.
The whole editorial - like the whole Konservative platform is putting the brightest shade of lipstick on the ugliest pig - and the back end of the pig at that.
This sounds like an ad from the Power Workers of Ontario.
Wrong!
Media monkey!
Sarcasm at its finest - well done.
The voters in Ontario were faced with the choice between a liar, a fool and a thug.
Go back to your MRA goddess Christina Hoff Sommers.
Not sad, Pat. Pathetic.
The terrorist calls himself Harper.
Pierre Poutine.
Blithering eedjit.
Mary Marxist Trash
You got unrighteous doctors dealing drugs that will never cure your ills' - Bob Dylan - 'When You Gonna Wake Up?' - 1979
Ah I see gay priest??
That's not shocking at all. 
In other words it's all the arabs fault. Isreal bears no responsibility for the suffering of the palestinians.
elevate your debating skills Why and Alceste
Right on Sarah Sanders!  She's not forcing anything on anybody--it's done silently and privately.  Psalms 14:1 The fool has said there is no God.  Which is in the Jewish Old Testament.   For the loud unbelieving Jewish friends.
The Jews in Germany would have loved to be treated as the Palis are treated. No ovens, no concentration camps, no genocide. No one is going to question support for Israel other than commie-pinkos, the chronic Jew haters, and assorted riff raff.
Unloving, yes. You would have us believe that God is as homophobic as you are. And, given that you reject Dignitatis Humanae, you are NOT faithful to Church teaching.
The article didn't talk about Viagra or the cigarettes they used to pass out, only the transgender.
All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing. ~ Edmund Burke
How do you progs become such extremists?
Lay off the Oxy, Von....
We treat the 2nd Amendment like a death lottery and we are all potential blood sacrifices. How many of those concert goers thought they had bought lottery tickets? I thought Jesus made human sacrifices unnecessary. I'm sure a lot of those concert goers thought they were Christians.
you are so naive.
Our city celebrates slugs and trans.
I support a voluntary $100 fee.
why, you want pictures?  numerous studies have shown that those who are vocally antigay are often closeted homosexuals that are secretly envious of those who are you publicly out.  is that why you are stalking me, you have a crush on me?   how special!  https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/homophobes-might-be-hidden-homosexuals/
My, what a cleverly SUBTLE example of Muslim-bashing!  I don't think I've been subjected to such a devastatingly articulate rejoinder since...possibly the 7th grade.  I-I-I think I might just cry...
Or a lawyer!
Most military households say transgender people should get to serve
The ignorant shall always be with us.
Support an independent CBC.
As are homosexual tendencies.
Dear AlbertansYes, we feel your pain, and wish you well. Remember, misery never lasts for ever. This Easterner will never say ?let those western baaastards freeze in winter?. You are valuable to us in good times and bad. Get well soon. Best wishes.
Islam is not compatible with dutch values and i am pretty sure the dutch do not want to convert. It is all or nothing for the muslims and they will not stop until they have it all.  The elites refuse to except that reality.
Let's not forget that other adorable example of good Christianity, the Salem Witch Trials. Let's hang 'em in the name of God!
Dear Western Society: Hosea 8:7
With 325,886, 603 people in the US (three seconds ago) and 'One birth every 8 seconds and One death every 11 seconds', one 'transgender' critter more or less is really irrelevant!  https://www.census.gov/popclock/
It's not the politician's fault. We get the government we deserve since so many of us can't even be bothered to vote. Seems greed and looking out for your own self-interest is all that matters to a lot of voters. Sad, very sad.
,,I take,, it you,, are a,,,Trump,,,supporter?!?
Sure 90% of Muslims will be patriotic when we are re-writing our laws to accommodate a 1% minority! We treat them like Gods while ignoring the truth about Islam, we whitewash the reality of their religious text and their goals in our society.
The BDS movement and the anti-Israel propaganda disseminated on our country's university campuses has unleashed the worst in people on the political left. The anti-Jewish bigots of the left feel emboldened as they hide behind the billowing skirts of Auntie-Semitism.
> If the Holy Spirit has been so assiduous in guiding the Church, then either the Holy Spirit is really bad at it or else has a very nasty sense of humor.  Please give an instance in which the Holy Spirit has lead the Church astray.
It isn't illegal for an 18 year old to have sex with a seventeen year old' LOL. Good luck convincing a judge of that. In California, where the offense in question took place, the legal age of consent is 18.
Jewish terrorism arose as self-defense against Arab terrorism.
An Islamist?  What a shock.  I thought it was an American angry white guy.  Our spud Junior has hatched the same future for Canada by allowing in 35,000(!!!) Syrian 'refugees' without proper vetting.
They are no more united than the EU is. They are nations and each has its own way of looking at things, just as any other nation.
More often it's Jews looking for more victim hood.
Preventing or opposing Jews from living in other territories or countries is racist, just as the Germans attempted to do. Palestinians claim that Jews will not be allowed to live in a future Palestinian state. Their racist bigoted endeavor should not be allowed to prevail.
This little piggy should have stayed home
You mean it was Richard's venue.
Hahahaha, you're quoting a right-wing Republican vice-president forced to resign in disgrace.     And stayed in disgrace: 'In 1976, he briefly reentered the public spotlight and engendered controversy with what Gerald Ford publicly criticized as 'unsavory remarks about Jews'.'
dome:  You are describing a he/she or she/he or Trans something.
OH NO! The snowflakes will have to pay for their education of black studies, women's studies and transgender studies! Oh the humanity!  The good news is that a degree in transgender studies will ABSOLUTELY help you get into a profession paying $150K year.
Thank you for your service and may God keep all our military service members SAFE.
Your equalization money.
Gender based? Just male-female?  . What about transgender?
Missouri LIBERAL JOURNALIST charged with Jewish bomb threats, you mean, WaPo/ADN! Funny how they are saying it was because of his girlfriend now.
palestine has 0 jews. Israel has 20% non jewish arabs and plaestinians and others. It is plain who the problem is.
Jews are the worst people on the planet. They lie, cheat, and destroy entire nations. They have no boundaries, moral or ethical, when it comes to dealing with the gentiles. They only thing they worship is the almighty fiat money. Those are facts.
my, aren't we a special snowflake?
Dude was an atheist who hated Christians.
Ontario Liberals are not BC Liberals.
It has always been thus.
The only way a Muslims will reach out to embrace Mormons or any other religions group is from behind around the neck.
For all the issues that divide Americans and Canadians, there is one thing that both these countries can agree upon, and it is this. Tory times are indeed sorry times.
"Canada is regarded as extremely well-governed ..." By whom?
To identify the truly sick racists google: chief rabbi of Israel says only purpose of goyim is to serve jews, life of goyim worth same as donkey.  Netanyahu says this jerk is the greatest mind of this generation.  http://www.timesofisrael.com/5-of-ovadia-yosefs-most-controversial-quotations/  ,./
Dan - Fair enough.
Orthodox Jewish women are not at risk of being stoned to death or drowned in their car driven off a cliff into a lake  if they disobey.
Try rampant violence in the gay community....   https://www.lifesitenews.com/news/cdc-gay-lifestyle-fraught-with-violence  Try out of control disease in the gay community...
Another Communist Jew.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PeXVP7TlSxY  Muslim Feminism for real.
you mean a transgendered horse.
Nothing but spoiled little children raised in an artificial world of make believe.  When the war with Islam comes they will be the first to die.
STAGE FOUR: ISLAMIC THEOCRACY The Qur’an and the Sharia becomes the 'law of the land. ' All non-Islamic human rights cancelled. Freedom of speech and the press eradicated. All Religions other than Islam are forbidden and destroyed. Enslavement and genocide of non-Muslim population. Destruction of all evidence of non-Muslim culture, groups and symbols in  country.
Isn't it disgusting? These people commenting, and the Liberals clearly don't know how to use a dictionary. None of this makes any sense. Everyone wants to protect the religion of Islam, and they care nothing about the muslims. That's exactly what I see here.
This marine died because of the gay pride parade in Waikiki took extra resources from HPD.   How stupid is the HPD brass to take away manpower away from a high crime district?
The bottom line is that the Security Council countries see the rest of the world as Muslim dominated with demonstrated terrorist aspirations, and have opted to feed the Muslim crocodile in the hope of being eaten last.
How much land does Arabs need? It's not about the land but murderous hate towards HaShem's chosen people...The Jews. The Lord has set a blessing(Torah) and a curse(secularism) before us...Choose wisely!
The Globe promotes ghettoization.
That's like saying a racist doesn't hate black people, he just hates the color of their skin. Or an anti-Semite doesn't hate Jews, he just hates their religion. Or a misogynist doesn't hate women, he just hates their gender.
The Muslim religious culture is so far from our Canadian values that it is impossible for most Canadians to believe that our supposed multicultural society can ever accept their religious culture. The solution is obviously that we should very much limit the number of Muslim immigrants.
The only troll is Amira herself, trolling for Islam and for western civilization's submission to the Koran. Her hijab is the sign she handed her fate to Allah. Giving up free will is just one thing Muslims ar expected to sacrifice for their religion. 10
How gallant of you.
Well, I think we can rule out the Christians!
Spacey pulled the gay card to avoid the pedophile angle.' ============ He just didn't 'pull it out of thin air.'  Apparently there has suggestions, allegations, and rumors that he has been gay for decades. He finally is confirming it all. Besides the 'homosexual-pedophile' angle is hardly better than the 'homosexual-pedophile' angle.
.  'The whole notion that somehow we just say no to more Muslims, just ban a whole religion, goes against everything we stand for and believe in.'   Dick Cheney  ----  Wow.  When Dick Cheney  calls you out for being intolerant and anti-Muslim, you know you have to be one grossly sick POTUS.  .
Islam is no more deserving of respect than any other idea or philosophy. People deserve respect. Islam, like other religions, is tribal and destructive. I will not be silenced in my criticism of these archaic and barbaric ideologies.
I remember that period as well. Since everyone in my father's family was Anglican, and my mother's family were all Jews, it seems they were all damned.
The Muslim youth unemployment situation has more  influence  on radicalization than devotion to Islam.
The policy of the church is that gays or straight clergy are to be celibate---no sex with anybody, even themselves.
In all the times I've used public bathrooms, I've never been concerned nor saw a transgender using the women's bathroom.  I'm far more afraid of someone leaving their body fluid or poop on the toilet seat than I'm worried about someone's gender.
What a hypocritical editorial!
The defence claimed self-defence, not stand-your-ground.
No such thing as transgender - just males, females, and people with abnormal brain scans. Brain scans are abnormal among those who claim that they are really their own body's biological opposites.
Islam permits true believers to dissemble in order to protect their beliefs and faith.
Protestants? Jews?
Except there is no God.
Gay pornography?
George Victor, you may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope some day you will join us, and the world will live as ONE.
I am an older transgender person, I vigorously oppose this legislation. I have made a video on the topic that I hope people will watch: https://youtu.be/x-txjWzJQjU . The western world is quickly going absolutely insane.
Dumb and dumber?
The teaching of Paul IV is more likely to have led many to hell -- or to have led them to construct a hell on earth for Jews. 'By their fruits you shall know them.'
Having a gay husband?
Holy mother of god what a dunce
Too funny.
Patterning makes the pederasts. In the seminaries, some gay men simply come out while others adopt the asexual ideal imposed on them as a way of regaining latency.
Conservatives have raised fears about men or boys claiming to be transgender in order to spy or prey on women or girls in public restrooms.' -Well then those 'conservatives' should be more concerned about the president being in any room with a woman or girl.
Peace in our time!
Precisely. He's forever sulking about how gay people have (mis)appropriated the use of words like 'gay' and 'LGTB' while he's doing his level best to re-appropriate the use of scary words 'sodomy' and 'sodomite.' Sadly for him, it isn't working.
How is a gay couple a federally protected class? Federal protected classes include:  •Race. •Color. •Religion or creed. •National origin or ancestry. •Sex. •Age. •Physical or mental disability. •Veteran status. •Genetic information. •Citizenship.
Damn lies.
Muslim Terrorist Attack.
The average age of the victims was 10.5 for girls and 11.5 for boys.' - from the Commission's statistics as reported by the BBC  So much for the tired claim that this was mostly gay priests and their teen lovers.
Ahhh.....a Jewish conspiracy is it?  LOL!!!
Canadians have a reputation for being poor tippers.
God bless you.
You should be poisoned and murdered. 
If the Mayor says that he has gay friends - I'd bet dollars to donuts they are involved in the drug trade.
But there is evidence that Judge supported same-sex acts by self-identifying as 'gay,' as opposed to one who has same-sex attraction, which does not imply any opinion on same-sex acts.'  And your evidence to support this conclusion is what?
How long have you been Gay?
The inerrant word of our saviour. With all of his infinite wisdom. Praise The Lord.
Depends. The churches enjoy tax-exempt status and are therefore subsidized by all of us. They're ripe for human rights complaints and lawsuits, I say. Discriminate against gays and women in Canada in 2017--because your magic stories declare them sinners or inferiors--and you deservew what you get.
...............celebrate the birth of the god Mithras (or the new sun).
So, what does all that have to do with transgender?
You are right, of course. Some Pharisees were indeed friends of Jesus, but most weren't. In fact, they repeatedly conspired with the Saducees to entrap Jesus, make him look a disobedient fool, and, ultimately, to have him executed. Hence the pejorative use of the word 'Pharisee'.
You are too kind
Initially, the Nazis too wanted to send the Jews out of Europe. The Final Solution was proposed later.  And providing smallpox infected blankets to the natives does suggest genocidal plans, knowing that they had no cure for that terrible disease.
Only until he got elected.
Most advocates will be lesbians.
How ignorant can these rainbows be?  Islam forbids homosexual acts under penalty of death.  These maroons want to support and protect their enemy.
And we prosper.
You're lonely yes, gay no.
As is a trans women being a lesbian.
So Jews should be forbidden entry on the grounds of Psalm 137:8-9.
The Father of Secularism was a medieval Muslim. Ibn Rushd, aka Averroes, lived in the 12th century. He was a brilliant scientist, philosopher, and Islamic theologian.
Considering a govt can get elected with only 39% of the popular vote eliminating the views of 20% of the population is just stupid.  Transgendered people represent less than 1% of the population so from your comment they can be ignored as well.
Go cry to mommy.
Of course 'all thy sons' should be dropped. It's 2016.'All of us,' though, is not very poetic 'All our hearts' is better: True patriot love in all our hearts command.
Slanderous comment from The Great Malumba.
You might recall that six men were shot to death recently while at prayer in a mosque because they were Muslim.
Oh and the Liberals never lied, LOL.
This is an extremely bright, ambitious, competitive woman who would love nothing more than to exceed her predecessor's time in office.'Sorry... you lost me after the first comma.
Utter drivel and undeserving of further response.
It's about time.
Hopefully, some of these more secular Israelis will end up in Canada.'Why?
Margaret Atwood bores a lot of women too.
Think you've 'done' it to yourself. Get some help, dude.
Take their guns away and these cowards wouldn't last the day.
Just maintain residency at your parents house. and come back and visit occasionally. Problem solved bleeding heart.
It's nice when a poster's punctuation mirrors the quality of their thoughts.
Rather a silly remark there, watchlist.
I understand the Liberal government will be bestowing two (2) taxpayer funded nannies each upon every wealthy trust fund family,
Now happily the Conservatives can be consigned to their well earned oblivion.
 .. They invite criminals and inspire crime.... 'And without a casino there would be no criminals or crime ?!
who does the clown mulcair speak for then?
What a fool - Trudeau can try to put gloss over the obvious however the raw belly of Quebec society is showing.
what a dull-witted nightmare.
Maybe it's time for the family owners to get off their lazy backsides and do the work themselves?
So that encompasses whiny non smokers as well?
You can't discuss complicated things with simple voters.
So, what are you trying to say?
Rotherham. Try google. And then tell us who is enlightened and who are the primitives.
Gramps Maybe stay in your room with the lights out and you will feel safer.
You must be a new Canadian.
Yeah, Harper can go to Helm.
Ken Maynard you've got some issues with reality
How about holding West and Saudis accountable.
Canada's evaluation process is really weak.
You were marketed to by the unions during the election. You bought it, and you're still buying it.
Is anyone surprised? There can't possibly be anyone still surprised by these fricken clown's antics.
Mor0nic post, Robert 320.
Putin is really putting the sheep to work. At least it is gratifying to know that the Russian mob values Canadian perspectives.
Well you're presumably Canadian - so arguably it's not about you at all.
Judging by your thumbs down, you must have touched a raw nerve with the Ontario Liberal apoloigists.
LOL....when was India's history so illustrious?
WARD NEEDS ANOTHER DRINK
LOL the writer 'admires' these things about Canada.. but has chosen to live in the USA and continues to live there.. for 'some reason'even with the 'promising' PM Photo- OP..when she does not have to live with the consequences..
Rhodes scholars were chosen because their parents were well connected; go back through 50 years of Canadians who were chosen and then check their parentage.
Utter tosh.
Boule sheet.
Gawwwwwwd seeeees alllllllll
Wait, Harris had an idea? What was it? This should be good.
Shhh, Liberals need no encouragement to print money. Wynne doesn't have her own printing presses that's why she's electing Trudeau, he's got the presses.
Never. Progressives have a double standard.
copper5 - if you see this as 'done' now you are very, very naive.
Try telling that to RMiller. Not that it will help the poor fellow.
Gee no hacks here...
The kids weren't allowed to speak their own language, much less harvest their traditional foods. Good grief, pick up a book, Bozo.
Another 'No Brainer' moment for the Harperoids.
andrea... what is your point ??
What nonsense.
Typical Harper Hate Machine fear mongering.
Care to back that up with a credible link?
Orange wave is doable. People don't buy the alarmist fear mongering about the NDP anymore
I wonder how many of the people voting you down also demand we should be more like some Scandinavian country at every possibility. Like all those people who think a Carbon Tax is a great idea as long as they don't have to pay it
 . . . there will be tens of thousands of Canadians if not more who will identify with him. And they will vote for him in droves again and again.'You mean if you're nuts you'll vote Liberal?
Politicians who speak of needed revenue from casinos are the vilest of spineless creatures.
Add Justin Trudeau to your 'doofus spawn' list.
But the Oil Sands are not ignorant and washed up, like Neil Young himself...
Thanks for the belly laugh, festina!
Brown, a pitiful case in point.
Nonsense. The same circular logic could apply to the other parties.
Worse - Cruz
the experiment is almost over, americans do not want another corrupt liberal government
That depends on when the next suitable gender feminist martyr episode arrives.
Tea party lover. Huh.
Anyone who has ever driven through, for example, Utica NY will understand why Trump succeeded.'Potholes???
iski99: The statement you quote is quite stunning and it's even more startling that about one-third of Canadians don't appear troubled by this at all. You have to wonder how much more of this government Canadians can tolerate.
You're likely right... but will there be any evidence?
You just lost the argument.
It makes sense Canada should say no.
brilliant broadcaster? I think not.
what does robo-con harper say?
Cynical, do you still call AIDS, GRID? Since you so much like to call things what they were called originally...
Mel, I don't like being identified by your binary labels, this is a safe space! (s)
That line is really getting stale chirp.
because they have freedom of expression
Please don't tell me you think any Quebec government has ever 'taken on the unions' . That statement is laughably incorrect.
This province absolutely cannot risk another 4 years of NDP rule.'------Uh, when was the previous '4 years of NDP rule' in Alberta? How did I miss that? Did you cut those Modern Canadian History classes?
portia, Trump took quite an interest in young things.
You digress ...
That's it Rio... stay klassy... DOOSH
Troll. Hey Harper isn't PM.
Where is the outrage from Danish tourist to this story?
What's Jay Sherman blathering on about?
 A rose by any other name smells as sweet....' Call them what you like. It changes nothing.
Red herring alert.
What about the presstitutes? Lets legalise them too.
All Europe, not only Sweden!!!!!
Right on, D_Peters. Sounds like fun. What a work ethic, eh?
Read the post and think a little harder, RW.
Also, Robert Nixon and Stephen Lewis (particularly) were gutless.
You can't help it if you're ignorant of the law and one's legal rights - you're just one of the mob and need it to think for you.
Oooh boy! I guess you've revealed a lot about yourself in a single sentence
Well then stay under your rock.
Go work for the CBC. Your extreme left-wing bias will be more readily accepted there.
TWF - mind your own business.
rick the CON will defend all CON crime.
Hysterical: deriving from or affected by uncontrolled extreme emotion or relating to, associated with, or suffering from hysteria
Translation: Canadian Foreign Aid will be delivered by teaching Peruvians to rape their land for profit, which will be largely enjoyed by Canadian Mining Corporations. Steve also thinks there's a nice enslavable Native population there, too.
Every single sentence a blatant lie. Good work, Peter1410.
sorry you don't have the capacity to understand that 'rich' resource is killing the planet.
I don't neccessarily disagree with any of that... but this article is about Trump, not Clinton or Obama, so how is your comment relevant? It isn't as far as I can tell
Though homophobia certainly still lurks in clubhouse culture, ...'Evidence please, or is it just presumed because it's all male.
Racist slime. Really?
I think it's a concern about Canada, but go ahead with your continual, ineffectual baiting, as you always do.
Boris is not the Lord Mayor of London. You aren't qualified to make comments when you can't even get basic facts right.
Get a life!
Full moon having its effect, hmmm?
Tom Z should gaze at his own Canadian navel and not that of his neighbour
Alan, can you not go and find a tree to hug somewhere!?
Baird would be a nightmare as PM.
islam is the French underclass?
Who are 'these folks'? Please, illuminate us with your knowledge of the Canadian Muslim community. And kindly stick to the facts.
I'd bet right now you'd have more success raising money to buy them plane tickets to send them back to Turkey / Jordan / Lebanon.
Guess you missed the hatred during the referendum, conveniently so I might add.
Did you just think that up yourself?
NO one in this conversation wants kids smoking pot. Grow up Harperite - if you can.
Mikey still has poopy pants from yesterday...
Feel free to add it to your bag of concern troll talking points.
maximrw - what's backwards? THe coward's a Harper?
Sure - you just keep abusing the aboriginal people and bombing Muslims and Asians.
Sounds a lot like Russia and China as well.
The Globe is making a big deal of this 'Putin confrontation'.. I would think a Globe reporter would have attempted to verify it, afterall it was reported by the PMO staff so crediblity is lacking... anybody out there who wants the truth?
It's the best of all possible worlds doncha know
So a former Secretary of State and Two-term Senator is, in your mind, worse than a clown with no understanding of how the Government works and what the Constitution says. That soesn't say much good about your thought processes.
Two words....Bob Rae!
Clearly you weren't around while western Canada burned up this summer.
Your comment is beyond juvenile.
Can't admit who was responsible can you - do you live in the GTA?
What about you, Robbins and Summers? Coinpurses nice and smooth?
Overreact much?
Yes, they certainly will increase our population quickly and easily. What do you know about population biology and ecology? Not much at all, obviously.
Bombast and nonsense' Principal tools of the Harper gang.
So much for equality?.
Who subsidizes your fire and police? Want a hint?
Logical thinking is not a strong point with many in the G&M Commentariat
Bitter and small-minded are appropriate adjectives to describe the Jones screed.
fewer obese people dressed in sweatpants.'... including the Mayor
The whole editorial - like the whole Konservative platform is putting the brightest shade of lipstick on the ugliest pig - and the back end of the pig at that.
You're telling me Canadians are bipolar! They need their Lithium dosage quickly.
Yes we have never seen such a bias media work so hard to drag this tired hag across the finish.'How come when I said the same thing in other articles against Trump I didn't get this many thumbs up??
Webbie, you are the problem now go away
The pensioners ARE the sponsors! Gt a grip, Art!
skipping your English as a second language class again ???
Speaking of morons you fit the bill.
France is war mongering again.
Too right! What a drama queen.
instability in Argentina -- who knew??
Perhaps clever Canadian academics could be offering to help?
Saunders noodles about 'Canadian apartment dwellers' from his elitist rookery in London.
JH....many of your posts are actually ramblings.
...more learned liberal advisors...'Not only learned, but even 'more learned'? Where have they been hiding all these years?
Here's your reality - Harper's gone (and good riddance!). Get over it.
How do you dream up the incessant nonsense? Harper is gone for good. Get over it.
This was a productive discussion before you joined in. Go back to sleep.
Yeah, right. Merit as defined by whom? By males, of course.
Again Jack, embarrassing commentary. You bring nothing to the conversation of value. Please either up your game or stay home.
It seems that Ms Wente has brought her war on drugs mantra from the US with her. 1964 (year she emigrated) is a long time to harbor outdated attitudes in a country that knows better, save for Hasrpers gang
It's a train wreck waiting to happen, I'm happy to say ...
How's that real estate speculation gig workin' for ya?
David too bad you never got out of grade 3.
Moon, Do you *really* need it spelled out to you?
why would Brad Wall save Ontario? There is no need to. Let Ontario drop.
This guy never signed up for Econ 101 in college...
Far right conservatism in trouble, progressive conservatism isn't.
Wrong!
We elect governments that do not allow the 'market' to operate, we've been raised to be socialists.
John, are you taking a break from your determined search for those WMDs in Iraq?
Correct thing'? Maybe for people like you who have been out to get the PM from day 1, but not for me, nor for anyone else who can see clearly.
Are you stuck in the 1950s?
Media monkey!
More like Trudeau's Fanzine.
Sarcasm at its finest - well done.
--well, --not_quite_no influence. Just enough to make us raise our hackles at the absurdities published at 'the Centre-of-the-Universe' in its' sublime ignorance of what's west of Lake Superior.
As if you know anything about terrorism or islamists. Get a grip.
Moronic comment, Jimmie.
If you honestly see the deceitful Cons as the 'best option' available I feel sorry for you.
Yes, they will be much happier being Putin's slaves.
If I had a son who was an incompetent president he'd look like...
It doesnt have to be hordes, a few as happened in UK, France, US. Deny all you want, they want to violently rule the world, or have you not been following what they are doing in Iraq?
And How many jihadists and sharia law proponents in the mix?
 however, I think the guy needs professional medical help'Detox?
you don't have to be one of the "useful idiots" to believe that this monument is a bad idea.
That's nice, sweetie, you keep thinking that
Another Liberal boodoggle
Keep telling yourself that.
Why, of course. How could I have been so stupid! They simply take 2.5% away from all the teachers and then give it back. Thanks for clearing that up, Friggate! Now, back to summer vacation, you!
Your assertions are unsupportable and misleading.
You never made it out of grade 3.
Doug is a typical SJW defending his cultural marxist agenda by calling anyone against it racists.
No, I'd say you are a typical Canadian.
Nothing? Is this action alone something? Try again?
Go back to your MRA goddess Christina Hoff Sommers.
Easy dear, just don't say anything
Bitter much?
Really. She reads like Patrick Brown's Communications Director.
Dopiest comment I see is "The science is settled," typically one of your favourites.
Tin foil hat crowd, if the shoe fits & it seems to fit you well Jack.
Not sad, Pat. Pathetic.
dude, im a Conservative making an argument that the CPC will win the next two elections with majorities. Perhaps you comprehension of writing is an issue here. Reread the comment, and save yourself a little dignity.
Nullify their passports and revoke their citizenship, and problem is solved since they never be able to come back to Canada again.
Sorry, By resorting to 'Reductio ad Hitlerum' your opinion is rendered irrelevant.
Come to Liberal Ontario - now that is the WORST government in the history of Canada by far..... sorry to burst your bubble.
Pierre Poutine.
Do you always celebrate amateurishness?
What a load of rubbish.
How to get under Harpers skin, vote Liberal.
And what good have you done, that would make you a judge.
lets go............ the sooner we get rid of this piece of filth the betterTime to take back Canada and her democracy
Jailed more like it.
Blithering eedjit.
Please learn to read
Grampa, you're demonstrating your lack of knowledge of the US healthcare system. Seems you're relying on the nonsense you're fed by the CBC on a regular basis.
What ARE they saying then? Enlighten us, Mr. Comprehension.
Are you saying no one in Canada has ever been attacked by wildlife?
And that fcker McGuinty committed us to 80 cent per kilowatt hour solar!!! What an absolute POS.
Yes - a truly naive piece of scribbling !
Wow. Perhaps the most uninformed, inflammatory, and bigoted column in some time by the old hag down the block. Pathetic.
Odd advice, then, from 'right wing war supporters', Sirencall. Not exactly a clarion call to arms.
Ali Ceste, please compare the status of Israeli women with that of women in the Muslim world and report back to us.
Self-hating liberal Jew - a stain on his brethren and his country.
Raskolnikov, Your hatred of Jews has evolved over time in its manifestations and disguises and one can see all three forms in abundance here. Read some history and maybe you'll understand a thing or two about reality. Your antisemitism is disgusting.
Thats the problem only Islam is being taught in schools. Muslims WILL NOT TOLERATE their children being taught any other religion
Not in the Conservatives family. You are not part of them.
Nothing but thinly disguised Christian Supremacy.
un autre qui n'a pas d't?te et il faut qu'il nous le fasse savoir
The Muslim apologists, and the Globe has three of them as editorial writers, are in overdrive to distract from where the real threats lie.
Surely you haven't forgotten Pierre Poilievre. They've done a goodd job of keeping him in hiding.
Surely your not suggesting this man was invincibly ignorant of Catholic teaching or was compelled to behave in the way he did?
From Russia with love...to Transgender in bathroom! Good move DJT.
According to NEWSWEEK, 'Border Wall Tied to Trump Transgender Ban'. http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/border-wall-tied-to-trump-transgender-ban-report/ar-AAoSxVS?li=BBnb7Kz
How do you progs become such extremists?
Islam teaches hate. Muslims need to be run out of this country. They are a disgusting death cult
its a jewish democracy, get over it, you and kerry are idiots
It's always a flukwing Jew, isn't it?
Republican controlled only in theory even Republicans can't stomach Cheetolini your religious SAVIOUR ... lol ... 'christians' are foul and evil as is evidenced by YOUR President :)
free trade, and unfettered shipping of jobs to places like india is what is pushing us into poverty, we have a moral obligation to help canadians before foreigners
Guy who wrote the bathroom bill loses to a transgender opponent.........delicious.
The Nazis killed 6 million Jews, the Republican Party thinks nothing of attempting to kill 30 million Americans.
Rodney Howard-Browne is a heretic and an embarrassment to Christianity.
How many vegans are transgendered?
Vote4Me: Sure, sure. No need to get too excited.
That's too ignorant to be worthy of a real answer.
This should be pretty simple for you to understand...
Thank you for sharing your sanctimonious rant.
Liberal party has already been charged with illegal robocalls. Try to pay attention.
How refreshingly void of content.
All the examples you give, are civil servants. Thanks for proving our point
Yes, it leads to a Breitbart webpage. Pffft.
Given that Trump has shown himself to be a narcissistic, lying, sexist, racist bigot, he DESERVES to be attacked. Certainly, no Christian should support him. Do you really believe he gives a damn about abortion?
What could be more clever than mocking the transgendered?   Are you 12 years old?  Pathetic.
If you are annoyed by it, you don't really understand it.
If their an obese transgender, do they get in?
It's because the editors don't know anything.
Muslims cannot emigrate to Japan
You are right, homeopathy has much in common with faith healing. Utter quackery.
He was teacher and a camp counselor. Those that can't - teach Perfect pedigree to run a convereted Muslim Communist country
Most military households say transgender people should get to serve
WOW  Jew hater nice
Stop living in the '40s Matt. The rest of us have moved on from this a long time ago...
Propaganda of homosexuality should be forbidden.
Does it say loser on it?
Maybe Harper can send you a free carton of cigarettes.
Support an independent CBC.
I’m trying to imagine you with a personality.
So brave of those who feel Bourque deserves another trial. I wonder how you would feel if you would lose a family member of your families. You would not give a damn about him of that I am sure.
you are so na?ve.
Canadians don't want a lisping prime minister who's probably bisexual.
Better he survived to deprive him of his vestal virgins in Islamic heaven.  Let rot in the calaboose!
If all the left has to offer are homophobic and misogynistic attacks on Leitch, she needs to be very careful.  A protest banner will soon lead to possible hate crimes from this bunch of left wing deplorables.
Nothing like starting the car and throw into gear right away at -20, this should do wonders to the tranny and engine.
Anything I have commented on I have seen first hand. For the record my respect is earned... No doubt a foreign concept to a second nations supporter.
Ascalepius, I doubt it. Hahahhahahahahhaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.
Jews are scared because the terrorists lobbing bombs and launching rockets on Israel, are gaining ground in Europe.
If you knew anything about the Bible you wouldn't make such a foolish statement.
It's cute when you try and do man things.
Just leave and go on with your life dude, wtf
I've never noticed that kindergartners have (trans) gender hang-ups. If they do though, don't worry, they'll likely outgrow it once they've moved beyond functional illiteracy. How's that going for you, 4:20?
Islamic radicals, like mad dogs, bite themselves, along with everyone & everything else.
Especially the United Way and it's member agencies!
Here is a thoughtful critique of the TV show in question from a trans blogger: https://sexdrugsmh.wordpress.com/2017/01/13/thoughts-on-transgender-kids-who-knows-best/
Free enterprise will always be with us
Not sure if you're willfully blind to your attitude, or if you really don't know what condescension means.
If it walks like a duck, quacks like a duck, chances are it’s a duck
Pifco, You're so gallant, you'd look good even in a straight jacket.
It would seem that Globe readers - from reading this response to Doug's story - are the most easily misled on the planet.
The Christian right should be up in arms, but they already made their deal with the devil...
Mike, you are definitely gay. Face it.
Right back atcha!  Alinsky tactic...demonize the opposition and accuse that side of exactly what your side is doing.  Obama was great at it...just that most people saw thru it.  Great!  I'm glad you support Christian observances in our schools.  There's hope for us all.
Author of this hitpiece is a Jew. Enough said.
Hey military hater, join up, become a REAL MAN, are you a transgender freak? military does not want you; not sorry.  be quiet............................ :)
Sounds like they sold their souls and principles
$84 million on Viagra and Cialis, $8 miilion on Transgender according to a Rand Corporation study conducted in 2016.
The. Transgender pervert republicans need to be sent home , replaced immediately !
and your post take first prize for absurdity.
Veritates, if you hometown is in Ukraine perhaps you should go over there and do what you feel necessary - dragging Canada into this issue is irresponsible.
What does this have to do with the corruption talked about in the article?  Are you saying that the entire US Navy has been corrupt since 1967?  Why do you hate Jews because of what President Johnson did?  Was he Jewish?
Muslims do not assimilate. Muslims infiltrate. It is called 'Hijrah' (jihad by immigration).
What do you expect from a Liberal media shill.
Defund organizations that discriminate against Love Saxa. It is a Catholic Institution and should follow Catholic tenets. If the priests in charge, do not enforce this, summarily remove them
And why would anybody with a high calibre of leadership and knowledge touch Ontario with a ten foot pole ?
Cassandra: Now that you are mocked in the Trudeau stories, I see that you are hanging out with your second love i.e. jew bashing
Aren't Porta Potties transgender?
Uganda had the death penalty until 2013 when they moderated their stance and only sentence gay people to life in prison now. So, I guess you win, Duque, don't you?
well well well, look what the cat dragged in
You mean it was Richard's venue.
Meanwhile, on the military transgender front...
What was it Jesus said to 11 other men again? - 'You will all lose faith.' Those 11 went on to show themselves to be weak, cowards, unbelievers and..... the greatest saints of our Church.  'Can anything good come out of.... Germany?'
So who are you to determine what forms of correction are legitimate? You must have some qualification beyond being a busybody liberal.
ZayWhat, No harm to society as a result of open use of pot. But slow death for an economy based on slave wages.
Are you a muslim Alceste?
Belief in god is dying fast. Thank god.
Very na?ve, I'm afraid.
There are other ways to protect your home - martial arts, for example
GDP grew during the financial melt down of 2008 and onwards? Now who's drinking the coolaid.
Gay rights are more than marriage. But yes, if you are against gay marriage, you're a bigot. And you are a bigot. Roskell.
so basically you're fantisizing about getting a legal reason to kill someone. You are a horrible person
Canadians won't be in a position to say 'we have made amends' for at least a generation AFTER the government has demonstrated it is treating aboriginal people with respect. That has only just started after a decade of going backwards.
He'd feel as safe as he did in the broom closet.
You look into people's eyes
The UN is sacred and all things Holy to Canadian liberals, never forget it.
...And how are the French doing on integration of their Muslim minority...?
Not even a tenth of one percent of students are transgendered.  D I S T R A C T I O N
a catholic priest molested children?  Surprise, surprise, surprise.
my, aren't we a special snowflake?
Trudeau and his feel good government are weak kneed. The Americans will walk all over us for the next four years.
how shameful, a jew practising eugenics
You're so rad. What's the point of being Catholic if one can't angst over one's salvation?! :)
The financial sink hole of the UN makes the Wynne Government look positively Thatcherite in its austerity.
Patience is a virtue.
It has always been thus.
But there were quite a few Jewish scientists in the Manhattan Project so blame away with irrelevancies.
your days are numbered there is blood on your hands!
The best thing the Ontario Liberals have going for them is Tim Hudak, the master at campaigning for opposition leader.
Muslims...driving the wedge into the log, one stroke at a time.
Marx, That is obviously not true, and it says a great deal about you to even suggest it.
Oh no -- are they doing that stupid Pokemon thing too?
Go easy on the Salt Ms Wente, we need you healthy and vibrant.
You have our sympathy and support.
Empathy. Compassion. Intelligence.
Proud Boys, sounds like a gay porn movie.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PeXVP7TlSxY  Muslim Feminism for real.
Islam triumphant. yeah,  Oh boy.   Liberals, feminist, natives, LGBT  and socialists will love that.
So transgender folks are like everyone else?  There's hope for you yet...
Bay Anderson go take your meds granny
Her Catholicism was warp and woof of her writing.
No, it/she is hiding in shame.
Yep, that's sanctimonious, Sanctimonious.
You should be ashamed for writing such a hateful post and quoting the bible is particularly vile in this case.
Thank goodness for that. Now if the could only remove Catholic from their name and all would be well.
It does teach decency, good morals, and respect for others. Have you read it?
Do it yourself then....if you dare.
Bannon has already returned to harassment of Jews.
Keith D LaRiviere are you referring to the trillion dollar give away, please sit down and read
Ah the Christian taliban speaks!
In fairness, the COUNTRY isn't second class. Just the current government, and I'd say calling them second-class is a compliment of extravagant proportions. Really, they are class-less, as in devoid of all class.
If I understand your comment correctly you are right.  'Strident professed militant Catholic' is their self proclaimed mission.  The group think is on their part and it's powerful in keeping them in the fold and donating money.
the conservatives do not have to embaress trudeau, the shiny pony is doing a fine job all on his own
Kinda like what is happening with Muslim terror immigration. As we lean more and more about the plots by Muslim terror immigrants to hurt us. You all support further Muslim immigration Something very sick is in your heads
Just a matter of time for all women to be obligated to get covered up and hidden up veils to not offend Muslims. They are winning .
Aren't all gays female friendly?
That only works when vermin like Muslims aren't involved in the mix.
Reality has a Liberal bias...
I missed that part of his speech where he used the three words he blasted President Obama for not using, please point me to the time in the speech where he directly used the term 'Radical Islamic Terrorists'.  Thanks :)
JHsassYou are free to volunteer for the 14 year prison sentence.
As long as you like Liberal party propaganda.
How ignorant! No wonder Catholics are leaving the church.
It was a poll done recently by a liberal jewish group and it was all over the news. Among the jewish youth: it was about 80%. The same jewish group support the UN resolution
No one would dare say that the Prime Minister endorses unethical activities...'I'll say it...loudly!
kind of like lawyers, eh?
This must be what Harper's minions on the back bench do to stay awake.
Konrad isn't going to get an invitation to the inauguration of anyone even if it's held in Wilno or Barry's Bay!
You actually read that rant?
I bet if she was a Nun you would have more respect.
AS BAD AS THAT IS IT IS BETTER THAN HALF BREED MUSLIMS!
A Trans man is a man that wishes he was a woman. Grasp the concept
Is the cosmic Jewish zombie baby snow white, or did they bother to find a doll with some color?
You will absolutely love the women's rights perspective of those deluging Europe now. See Sweden the rape superpower with Germany catching up.
You speak for your wife, do you? I guess you white Christian men know how to keep them under control, no burkas required!
Every sperm is sacred? The little whimpers of each sperm must make you cry
The first step on a long road to restoring democratic institutions and responsible government based on the rule of law and respect for the governed comes on October 19th. Carthago delenda est!
Maybe better than lying and cheating
Russia as a whole is hostile to homosexuals.
Clueless! I see you still are!
@quazz Your panties are in a bunch
jesus, you are taking this very hard
Amen. Your decency shines through
Why the Chinese are brighter than the Jews
not an argument.
Jesus blowing freaks are a curse on education.
If Trudeau's government pushes forward with this, and the items mentioned in the 'open government' article, I will have massive respect for him and the federal Liberals. That they are promising to do this is very, very encouraging.
There is no such thing as secular values. Maybe that's why?
Ya where is the gender equality there??
excellent, Quinn is a complete dolt.
As your post demonstrates, Civil Comments has disabled the civility filter for the folks who were complaining about too many Catholic posts. Along with adding blocking, that puts things more or less back where they were with Disqus.
Someday Lorna is going to tell us how important Christians among us - yes, even our most eminent churchgoing government leaders - practice the ethics and moral purpose that they take from the good book. But I will not hold my breath in the interval.
Protestants? Jews?
Amen brother
Fake Senator, Fake Tories, Fake Christians...
Muslim prayers are certainly something to be afraid of.
Gay pornography?
Nope. We do NOT want to revisit the ideas of women's freedom and equality, thank you very much.
Is this 'Jewish diatribe' your best effort? Have a coffee and think out something better.
The moral authority speaks, the robo's dance and vote.
I provided many examples of transgender people going back for quite some time, thousands of years. Don't assume. Read the links. In India the Hijra have records going back 4000 years. The evidence is out there. It helps to read it.
Too many left wing loons running this country. We are doomed.
I'm a lesbian trapped in a man's body.'  Might work.
I won't be waiting. Liberals have turned fence sitting into an artform.
You are a mere 180 degrees off.
who cares
Harper-crites unite!
Well, 'everyone' is wrong. ISIL is a sideshow. Assad is the greater evil and Canada should have no part of any deal that accepts any role for Assad.
Orthotoxic faux Christianity NEEDS to be warred against.
Well, aren’t we just a ray of frigging sunshine.
What can be more 'balanced' than a white transgender female and a black straight male?
That's pretty presumptive and not very Christian of you, you hater.
Having a gay husband?
Surely the catholic church should concentrate on it's dwindling numbers and paedophiles
Justin and Adams deserve each other - political opportunists
Catholic' scholars? A laughable assertion, that. Thank goodness no one reads or listens to the National 'Catholic' Reporter anymore.
Holy mother of god what a dunce
but still an Islamic terrorist
Deception is an integral part of the Muslim Brotherhood's modus operandi.
Thanks for the little dose if common sense
Today's realities'... please, these realities were imposed upon these people who were doing just fine and would continue to thrive not for our destructive intervention. Now it is the duty of Canadians to make these people whole.
Homosexual 'marriage' is a public sinful act, recognized as such by the Canon Law and leading de facto to excommunication
Damn lies.
Muslim Terrorist Attack.
How can a Twit explain any-thing?
...and trans people should be given bingo cards that have numbers that are not in the hopper. That's the way to stay happy and blessed.
BURKE - the face of Roman Catholic Fascism!
Science has no place in a Wente rant.
And the Danes are known as the happiest folks in the world because you don't live there.
ya buddy... its those cats.... its not the pollution or the chemicals.. its the cats..
True political leadership is admitting you took a bribe.
Hagiography ....HA !!Too funny.
How long have you been Gay?
That is very, very not smart. Illegal invaders are not a protected class.  Gays are a part of a protected class in Colorado, but that does not mean they are afforded extra rights, that is silly. If this were a test you would have failed.
Catholic trolls...who knew?
You are being really fucking nasty about this
Yea, but is she going to toe the party line and promote transgendered, sexual dysphoria to our first graders?
Thank you, bookmark... will spread... Cheers Miles,
There is no Muslim cemetery in Quebec.
You don't even realize how stupid your comment is ---- do you? LOL You are clueless about who the indictments were for or you would not have made the comment you did.
And all the arguments used are valid.
A vacuous comment from a simple mind.
If Cosby was Muslim the comments would be closed   ;)
Thank God I am gay and dont have to deal with women.
Great work on the part of the Arcy MP! Great timing! I'm thrilled to know that our law enforcement officers support Adolph Harper's overthrow of what I once thought was an ideal country. The ideologues have us!
we dont need transphobic left wing fanatics here. thanks.
What does that have to do with transgender people in the military?
I think Margaret Wente did a wonderful job in pointing out how malicious feminists can be; and the need for a reasonable approach in dealing with this matter
Simply, why would the Liberals tie themselves to a sinking (NDBBQ) ship? The Liberals have far more upside, and the NDBBQ has only downside....come the next election..
... ain't you Republicans all about restricting Freedoms and Liberties of others??!!  Ask a transgender VET to their faces.  Dare ya.
Leadership, PMZ, Ohhhh hahahahah..
Good grief, the thing has found an opening for its drool.
Anyone who professes to be a christian and supports Donald Trump is both a hypocrite and an idiot.
Catholic Social Services and City Government created cesspool.
You're lonely yes, gay no.
Some aside...you tell such outrageous lies and now it's, 'jews by some estimates killed more germans than germans killed jews.'. I find your posts to be mostly phony BS but this one is simply disgusting. 'Have you no decency, sir?'  Two words - The Holocaust.
So all the preaching  in the mosque about extermination of Jews doesn't bother him?
BROohthor  As Christians, are we are not called to stand opposed to ALL (euthanasia) of what is going on with this.  kevin your brother In Christ
Go cry to mommy.
Are you so naïve that you think the Muslims in this country really care what we think?  They just up their birth rate and bide their time.
To see a preview of 'Fractured Land' or to donate to it's production: www. indiegogo.com/fracturedland
Psychology is post-christian-rubbish.
Is an 'independent mind' at liberty to breach a 'sacred trust'? -- especially a Pope's. We'll see if Benedict XVI is capable of producing more theological masterpieces in the future.
Tell that to the Ethiopian Sephardic Jews
Oh yes we awful conservatives, only one solution. Put us all in zee camps und stoking up zee ovens.
This is an extremely bright, ambitious, competitive woman who would love nothing more than to exceed her predecessor's time in office.'Sorry... you lost me after the first comma.
Typical Harper bullying....Seems to work fer domestic relations......Let's give 'er a go fer foreign relations......If it don't work we can run and hide......like at home. Get right on that John....why do you think I keep you around!
So f?hlt sich der Reichspropagandaminister stark genug, in seiner Position, die F?hrung der Partei die Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiter-Frage zu stellen.
6 Canadians were killed in Burkina Faso not that long ago... they want to harm you in Ottawa, Ouagadougou, Nice, or New York.
DaleyI like the idea of ' getting over it ' with a Scot.. Maybe while we enjoy a three finger sampler of the national beverage.. And consider questions like... If I'm a white guy in Ontario will my kids qualify to be a ' national minority' Argh!
I am not sure what is silly, and if there is any story in what I wrote. You write about "deniers in the same tone as Inquisition spoke about heretics. Interesting. Just confirms my impression of climate change as new religion.
No - he does not dither - see Cuba - the GOP wont let him do a thing otherwise.
Joe, Joe, Joe... Try reading a newspaper or a book published outside Ontario my ignorant friend. Nobody cares about Mike Duffy west of Ontario - we just expect that kind of behaviour from the centre of our universe. BTW, have YOU tried crack?
Actually, he gave it away with the GST cuts -- the corporate tax cuts were simply a continuation of the plan initiated by the Liberals.
It should be remembered that ?Nations have no permanent friends or allies, they only have permanent interests.?
OH! What a marvellous idea!! All we'd have to do is firmly and strictly declare something like a War on Drugs.......Wait...
In this specific case it doesn't matter at what point you define the moment of death. The first volley of shots was lawful, even if it meant Sammy was killed by them. The second volley of shots was not lawful, even if Sammy had survived.
See how valuable an education is? Now you're able to accurately describe the poverty you find yourself in.
Hopefully, some of these more secular Israelis will end up in Canada.'Why?
Margaret says the battle is over? Ask the bigots at trinity western, or the BC gov.
Take their guns away and these cowards wouldn't last the day.
President Dwight Eisenhower arrived at Union Station on a visit during the Second World War.'Huh? What was Eisenhower president of during WWII? The Elks club?
At last someone trotting out facts instead of armchair prejudices.
https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2015/11/06/statement-president-keystone-xl-pipeline No, he didn't.
'The Israeli snipers ( male and female) had a reputation for a lack of patients.''''Perhaps you are thinking of Israeli army doctors.
Just maintain residency at your parents house. and come back and visit occasionally. Problem solved bleeding heart.
It's nice when a poster's punctuation mirrors the quality of their thoughts.
Rob Ford does not have the attention span to write editorials.
Won? Have you been sleeping under a rock since 1975? And why would you want to change the culture? Nothing wrong with the Vietnamese.
Mr Paladin, the framers were, no doubt, well versed in the English language which you, evidently, are not. Try not to read things into a passage which exist neither in fact nor intent.
Rather a silly remark there, watchlist.
How about the young getting off their butts and voting and/or ( gasp ) campaigning on behalf of their interests ?!The likes of Marx, Lenin, Hitler were also 'inspiring' !
I understand the Liberal government will be bestowing two (2) taxpayer funded nannies each upon every wealthy trust fund family,
Not so much biased as clueless!
A truly twisted article by an obviously deeply wounded far right-wing academic.
But he is releasing his autobiography shortly so we will know what he has accomplished. It will likely be full of big words to make up for his short resume or what passes as deep thinking by JT.
Kevin O'leary Plays right in to the premier's hands. He may be loud. By She is much smarter then Kevin could even dream of being.
No country deserves someone like trump. However, the gop does.
Now happily the Conservatives can be consigned to their well earned oblivion.
I don't agree with this (IMHO and all that, it ought to be done at the high school level) and, sorry, my comments do not exhibit 'the ugliness that ignorance produces'. I'll leave the irony of your comment to the reader to contemplate.
if only we had a true head of state to slap hapers wrist. But we dont. We have a toad appointed by harper, acting as a rubber stamp for the other inbred rubber stamp who lives in an english castle and whose great grandson just pushed new teeth.
I would happy see him at the end of a rope, in his spare time he was making bombs to use against Canadian forces, you do remember those pictures of him ? Want to tell that to some of our dead troops
 .. They invite criminals and inspire crime.... 'And without a casino there would be no criminals or crime ?!
what will happen to your race if you don't produce more children?'My race is the human race. There are 7 billion of us. I'm not worried./discussion.
Ya but in Ontario the LIberals only rip off the tax payer. The Kadhar family rips off the country.
That's right, take your ball and go home... typical Con.
I doubt anyone in Toronto has a brain, especially Simpson.
Trudeau: 'go ahead, watch me'Harper: 'Its too dark in here'
Please do not share facts. Right-wingers are uninterested. Although you can focus on his wig or how he is junior George W Bush. THAT they dot on.
PAS?' It doesn't need to be a physician. A nurse practitioner with a specialty in MAD?medically assisted dying?would do just as well and for less money. Whenever an article on MAD uses the word 'suicide,' I sense the menacing influence of religion.
So that encompasses whiny non smokers as well?
So, what are you trying to say?
I wonder if Clinton will cry in public if she's ever indicted.
Gramps Maybe stay in your room with the lights out and you will feel safer.
Yeah, Harper can go to Helm.
the Senate has a vote in this... HaHaHaHAAAAAHAAAAAAHAAAAArper!
How about holding West and Saudis accountable.
Trudeau will regret his quote (said many times): 'Mr. Harper wants you to believe thereare terrorists behind every tree, under every rock'. Unfortunately, it just takes ONE treeor ONE rock to do serious damage. A boy in charge, how sad.
You were marketed to by the unions during the election. You bought it, and you're still buying it.
WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!'Stephen Harper doesn't like us after we lie about him every day!'Time for an All You Can Eat Hunger Strike!
How can one work with 'silly'?
If they return to Canada they can vote. If they remain abroad for 5+ years how is that 'valuable perspective' helping Canada?
Judging by your thumbs down, you must have touched a raw nerve with the Ontario Liberal apoloigists.
LOL....when was India's history so illustrious?
LRT Battle is lostmove on to fight other battles another day city and province and federal are now aboard the subway train don't waste leftist energy fighting futile causeslick your leftist wounds and get over it
WARD NEEDS ANOTHER DRINK
LOL the writer 'admires' these things about Canada.. but has chosen to live in the USA and continues to live there.. for 'some reason'even with the 'promising' PM Photo- OP..when she does not have to live with the consequences..
It's not calling a spade a spade that's wrong, it's putting huge numbers of very different groups under your spade that is the problem. And if you discard an argument as hooey you make a display of yourself as blind and deaf.
What is the G&M's motive behind displaying 10 comments at a time? To inflate number of hits and extract more money from advertisers.
I fart whenever I want........just cannot control it.....When you say, Wynn I fart....when I read Wynn, I fart, When I see Wynn on the TV, I fart
Natives don't need 'accountability.' Show us the money 'Apparently that is NOT what the bands' auditors had to say, but I guess they must be wrong and racist as well?
The West tolerates China because they are the manufacturer of the world, like they tolerate Saudi Arabia because that country has oil.
Elect either of the other two nanny-state, tax & spend jokers and, trust me, the economy under the Tories will seem like economic Nirvana! Lol
Never. Progressives have a double standard.
Really - someone pays you to post this drivel or do you sit around all day waiting for inspiration? BTW - it's kumbaya and it means Come By Here (Lord). That song really should be right up your alley as you and Steve hold hands and sway.
My favourite Republican quote of the past week: 'Democrats haven't been this angry... Since we freed their slaves '
copper5 - if you see this as 'done' now you are very, very naive.
OH! What a marvellous idea!! All we'd have to do is firmly and strictly declare something like a War on Drugs.......Wait…
Is America better off and the planet safer?'Only a hack would offer up this question, as though some doubt might exist about the answer.
For Canada?s foreign-policy elite....'Nice of you to put the straw man of your argument in your first sentence.
Yes, he basically said that ordaining homosexuals gave rise to child diddlers.
Another 'No Brainer' moment for the Harperoids.
Get the right team behind you, the answer is, Yeah, you can. "teamwork": it'll be nice to have a country governed by that again.
Typical Harper Hate Machine fear mongering.
Care to back that up with a credible link?
And that you mention Vietnam and the Phillipines in your list tells me you need to brush up'Not then. Now.
So now the american majority are 'facists' who have lost their way? Does democracy mean anything to you? Please remove this author and her negativity from this paper.
Not even close. Trudeau cleaned house when he took the reins. A foolish move by any measure, but for this one.
60 years of involvement and the politicians are all the same. The task of a new government is to find new ways of interfering in our lives. We are now a fascist country. Anybody want evidence?
So, as long as Ms. Wente disagrees with the MP(s) being muzzled, then its okay. Like any of those anti-abortion legislation would have had a hope in hell of passing in the House, anyway.
Who suggested that prospective immigrants do NOT have the right to opinions about Canada?
Not only knew the game but tried to fix the outcome with the help of the MSM. It's the best measure of just how much Americans hate the Clinton mob
Killed by people who were safe where they were, but preferred risking the lives of their children out of greed.
Is this reheated leftover some sort of bellwether piece the Globe is floating to gauge their readers' interest in examining the 'Ford Fenomena'?It's no big mystery to anyone paying attention and it's been done to death
 . . . there will be tens of thousands of Canadians if not more who will identify with him. And they will vote for him in droves again and again.'You mean if you're nuts you'll vote Liberal?
Well KaelThas, good parents don't fight over their children. If you spent a fortune feeding some venal lawyer, you have only yourself to blame.
How, exactly, are you impacted if new Canadians swear their loyalty to Canada rather than to the British monarch?
Thanks for the belly laugh, festina!
To voters that care about actual matters, like trade or not starting WWIII, being a "misogynistic bigot" is somewhere near the bottom of the list.
Now go write a post about the medical experiments and sexual abuse that Canadians subjected its minorities to. Or do you have too much invested in trying to keep it quiet from the rest of the world.
You keep patting yourself on the back, confident that you're so much more, '. . . thoughtful, more unselfish, and more empathetic than are conservatives.'
girl'?'peggy'?Sexist enough Philly? Maybe we do need a woman in the White House
And you are wearing yesterdays underwear? Yikes! Probably Depends.
Yah and while he is at it let's stop the Catholic Church from discriminating against women once and for all!
Perhaps she gets away with it because her view is correct? In m opinion it is, so chew on that for a while. And while you are at it stop inflicting your own 'twisted and warped opinion of morality' on us.
Nonsense. The same circular logic could apply to the other parties.
Yep, there is no middle ground with Wynne liberals, you are either for them or in the "dark ages," because they can do no wrong. And if monkeys had wings they'd fly out my butt.
[brigade of Nazi Re-education Specialists] You are fulfilling Godwin's Law and I claim my five dollars.
Interesting reasoning. No doubt you feel we should apply it in cases of human suffering as well. When disasters strike, when famines hit, when wars are afoot... if there's too many victims to treat them all humanely, we should euthanize them. Right?
A blue wall ?How about Trump finally has to face some educated voters ?
That depends on when the next suitable gender feminist martyr episode arrives.
Anyone who has ever driven through, for example, Utica NY will understand why Trump succeeded.'Potholes???
iski99: The statement you quote is quite stunning and it's even more startling that about one-third of Canadians don't appear troubled by this at all. You have to wonder how much more of this government Canadians can tolerate.
You're likely right... but will there be any evidence?
The further to the ' Left' a country or province votes the greater the disaster... look at France. Why is it that so many electorates, when unhappy and facing adversity, vote for the 'sounds good Leftists' only to find their miseries compounded.
To speak the truth can be so immature and childish to those who refuse to think! To add some truth, you could have mentioned that Harpo's presence in the building is shameful enough!
D-girl1Hmmm.....Perhaps you're too young to get the point I was trying to make..
Says the opinion collected from voters at the advance poll and the strong trend toward registered democrats among the mail in ballots. None have been counted but it is a trend that favours the Democrats.
If anything this piece suggest the immigrants are bringing the country up, not down,'Bingo!
Sounds like severe ladies' troubles to me, Pifco.
Looking forward to his slogans 'Stop the Lying Crackhead' or 'Respect for Moral People'
Talk about your 1%er problems. Your kid got fired because she thought she was above the law. Wonder where she got that idea? Get over it.
More garbage drivel from the Globe and Star.
Well I call him Mr. Senategate this week not the Emperor. Harper is fishing for consumer votes with the EU. Prices will stay the same as no one will pass on the savings to consumers.
Free speech in Canada? You gotta be kidding!!!. Say the wrong thing that offends some minority group and you will be hauled before one of these 'human rights' tribunals.
because they have freedom of expression
The epitaph on Klein's tomb should read, 'Dear God, let there be another oil boom and I promise not to pi$$ it away this time.'
In what way has the US 'taken responsibility' for the MSF hospital strike? What has it done, specifically, over and above what everybody already knew-- that they were responsible?
This province absolutely cannot risk another 4 years of NDP rule.'------Uh, when was the previous '4 years of NDP rule' in Alberta? How did I miss that? Did you cut those Modern Canadian History classes?
Brian is part of the corporate elite and we must listen to them!
To tick people like you off. And it's not stupid, nor sarcasm. It merely points out the end result of applying retroactive laws.
portia, Trump took quite an interest in young things.
The good people of this country who have trouble making ends meet will have a difficult time with wealthy people who would fire their hard working employees to save a few bucks.
dream on-Bush's SAT score of 1206 correlates with a 95th percentile IQ or a corrected IQ of around 125that kid wouldnt even be closeHe got his mothers smarts ............not his fathers
Yes, Siren, and Trudeau is Catholic; Paul Martin attended Catholic church every Sunday. I know, how dare some have a spiritual life? You 'progressives' are so closed minded. C.
What's the difference between your comments about Muslim refugees and Charlotte Whitton's views of Jewish refugees in 1939? Well done for exposing your true nature and lack of any Canadian values or characteristics.
If there was a free-for-all in the content consumption world, what role would the CRTC continue to have? I think that may be why the CRTC is flogging its dead horse -- to appear to be industrious and relevant.
Willad87'it seems I've heard that song before.....it's from an old familiar score'Can you back up your comment about refining locally not being profitable with some facts please?
In no uncertain terms, this is the most mundane article I have ever read. Trudeau should stop global warming because kids don't play enough outdoor hockey?! Doesn't the Globe have an editor or something.
Corporatist'....the lexicon of a follower of Noam Chomsky....one of the dumbest people to ever walk the face of the earth (other than Karl Marx)
You're totally ignoring the elephant in the room... population growth is occurring in the third world. What do you want done about it?Genocide?Forced sterilization?
The Canadian Voter - beleive me- was considered to be be a bunch of sheep who could be shepherded by the messiah Harper. now the truth is out in the open - the Canadian voters are not a bunch of sheep and Harper is a sitting duck.
Left of RightYou are proving my point by attempting to be dismissive. This is not about the fashion industry. It's about weak men still trying to put women 'in their place'. Like you.
Troll. Hey Harper isn't PM.
What bunk. It's gone from lets legalize pot because it's the right thing to do to how much can we make off it. Just legalize it now and work out all the details later. And Justin, in the meantime please call off your RCMP thugs.
I think you could say the same for Liberals and Catholics.
Where is the outrage from Danish tourist to this story?
What's Jay Sherman blathering on about?
If all you crave in a woman is a wet t-shirt or a bikini then you are a pig....sigh...hey buddy my eyes are up here...
 A rose by any other name smells as sweet....' Call them what you like. It changes nothing.
Red herring alert.
Are you expecting a guarantee that it should meet with your approval?
Far outnumbered by the misogynists.'---------------------------So if your not a feminist, you're a misogynist?
Great article. Big Pharma, advertising, commercials, books, chat shows, etc all focus on 'what's wrong with me/us'? it's all about making $$.
What about the presstitutes? Lets legalise them too.
Speaking of tools. It's arsenal.
Actually it was developed by lefties to make fun of each other for the ever changing "correct" language in lefty circles. And just like Saul Alinsky, it was co-opted and turned in to a right wing meme and hobby horse.
Read the post and think a little harder, RW.
Where is death to Harper mentioned Lazy Beaver 1's chatter ? Death may only be in your ability to read and to reason. Not disgusting, just pathetic.
Also, Robert Nixon and Stephen Lewis (particularly) were gutless.
No more hate filled than you, for backing the wrong horse.
Well, Pierre Trudeau inherited a country that had the 2nd highest GNP per capita in the world (tied with Sweden) and ran it down to 14th or so. So there's competition.
You can't help it if you're ignorant of the law and one's legal rights - you're just one of the mob and need it to think for you.
hard core separatists who stay in Canada...?and what does 'arrogant to a distraction' actually mean? vraiment!!! You sound a little anti-francophone to me. Perhaps if Justin changed his last name to Waterhole you'd vote for him lol.
Check out the guys record on truth of statements he makes. He is lying about 78% of the time. http://www.politifact.com/personalities/donald-trump/
Dad, as he undoes his belt to deliver a (much needed) swat: go ahead and call them, son... the Liberals haven't made good on their vow yet!!
They'd have that money if they would drop their feeble attempts at comedy that are really cleverly disguised attacks on whatever government is in power (at all levels) in the form of satire.
Unless you are speaking English. Then it's "Hail Harper."
While the right wraps itself in religion and claim to have a monopoly on patriotism.
cberk, Common sense - you should try it sometime.
I am not sure about this decision , I am afraid of 'mission creep' but once our forces are engaged every Canadian will back them and hope and pray there will be no body bags coming home.
Every day Trudeau-lite proves how unfit he is to lead the country, let alone the Liberals, well, perhaps not he latter.
I see a real problem with this article, if every minority is over represented due to political expediency we will run out of cabinet positions! No problem for the Trudeau liberals. Like Doritos, we'll make more.
TWF - mind your own business.
What this means for Hillary is that she can finally dump that Arkansas Cracker she's been stuck with for the last four decades.
if CSIS will only arrest you if you are telling the truth, you have no worries
Really, only one question. Given the fact that basically the only 'promise' this government has fulfilled is that we won't recognize Canada when Harper's through, why would anyone believe anything outlined in this budget?
You don't seem to know who appointed whom
If we don't sell them the ordinance, some-one else will, has to be the laziest ethical cop out argument. Why not just say we will sell them the ordinance. All consequences be damned, and the devil take the...
more then 50% of BC voters are saying yes. I don't know where your getting this no from.
Adscam or 'pump-your-own-tires' scam... different out-houses, same smell.
Or use their time to hang out with an MP dying of cancer in order to expedite their transition to government.
30% debt to GDP ratio1% deficit to GDP ratioGreeece: Debt: 250% Debt to GDP ratioDeficit: 10% Deficit to GDP ratioYes, clearly we are exactly the same.
Hysterical: deriving from or affected by uncontrolled extreme emotion or relating to, associated with, or suffering from hysteria
Translation: Canadian Foreign Aid will be delivered by teaching Peruvians to rape their land for profit, which will be largely enjoyed by Canadian Mining Corporations. Steve also thinks there's a nice enslavable Native population there, too.
China apologist=======LOL I always say I am Chinese here. Why should I apologize for myself? Being a Chinese is much better than being a Canadian. We Chinese are just not used to be licking ...
So we'll ignore the non-Christian historians like Josephus, who wrote 2000 years ago, and who talk about Jesus and his crucifixion. Even if you don't want to believe in him as God, there is a lot of historical backing that he was a real person.
Bob Beal Nonsense, and you should not say such things.+++++++++++++++++++++++++++Actually, its utterly true and historically correct - they also engaged in taking slaves. Do some reading...
The corporations are mere amateurs when it comes to politicians pitching 'stupidity' wrapped up un the latest partisan mantra of FREE social services, health care, education, blah, blah, fiddle, faddle, jobs ... vote for ME ....
We give away that oversight when we elect governments whose main pitch is to serve public sector employees, for example Dalton McGuinty in Ontario, whose brain trust has now migrated to Ottawa in support of a doey-eyed political heir.
Why do the countries that lead in the War on Terrorism kill more civilians than the 'terrorists' do?
So you've missed all the information over the last, oh, couple of hundred years on the social construction of racism, sexism, classism, capitalism, ....
Though homophobia certainly still lurks in clubhouse culture, ...'Evidence please, or is it just presumed because it's all male.
Why the extremes with your thinking? It seems to me, with you its either conversion therapy or full on transitioning with no middle ground. Full on transitioning is in itself just another form of extreme conversion therapy
What if the terrorist wannabe plans to attack Egypt and is imprisoned in Egypt shall we also mind our own business and not provide consular services, which ultimately means more taxes too much of this going on lately
Say, JD, maybe you can let also readers know what the Christians, the Jews, the Buddhists and the Hindus will be up to as well. Or stick to what you know, the bigots and fools.
As opposed to the regurgitation by Marcus Gee by repeating Deluce speaking points which are outright lies? You obviously did not read the City staff's report which overwhelming recommended deferral until a lot of unanswered questions get answered.
The law only applies to some Canadians and not others. That is the joke. He's saying yes i know these laws are corrupt and unjust but we will keep doing.
Buzzb .....Healthcare is a Provincial responsibility........Good...............than SCRAP the Canada Health Act and get Ottawa OUT of provincial jurisdiction..
Bottom feeders ? It takes one to know one.
Sudia Arabia has behead hundreds of prisoners. But, we're allied with them.
"Look no one is suggesting that Clinton is perfect...." That's good because Hill is the most corrupt US Presidential candidate EVER...
[The US needs a change and Donnie has the diaper full to do it. ] The US is in trouble, no doubt. But Trump is the kind of change you go for if you've got nothing left to lose. America has an awful lot left to lose, and Trump will lose it for them.
This may surprise you but Harper lies.
You left out these, all from comments on this thread:'fascists''unelected judges''Junior''LIB propaganda''in your subsidized apartment ''criminal's paradise''sharia law''Bob Rae'That's (ahem) 8 for me. ;-)
He only called Rosie O'Donnell a slob ? which will win the Donald a lot of votes.
Your infantile style is unmistakable -- I bet that you and your buddies miss your old playpen at the Sun.
No, they hate everyone else from outside their borders!'The immigrant vote' along with ridiculous language laws.
Because she is a Dalton McGuinty Liberal.
Not worth 100k/yr not even close, the way you lefties talk you have completely lost touch with reality. You know the starting wage for an engineer is 65-70k/yr.... Ask me how I know...
All of the intelligent people are behind Trump? Broad brush much?
Why do the Harperites all fail to address actual issues in favour of bashing their opponents? Oh, right - it's what you've got.
a weaker democracy, a polarized electorate' remind me of Harper's government
I think you mean David Frum. Although he is a bit of glum and grim from which you perhaps get, Grum.
I find the Calgary Flames name to be extremely homophobic and I am outraged. And don't forget about the Green Bay Packers!
Guess you missed the hatred during the referendum, conveniently so I might add.
There's 'no point' going from self-absorbed to a concern for the grandkids, eh kai2? Particularly if there are no grandkids to 'worry about.' Indeed, completely morally bankrupt.
If I knew as much about anything as M Wente knows about everything I would be border-line genius. When it comes to Pot advise from Margaret. Just say No.
Did you just think that up yourself?
If one is a Con, why yes, one would honk. Loudly, repeatedly and in as coarse a manner as possible.
When one of the states has a motto such as 'live free or die', why would you want to move to a colony?
Trump leadership suggest Russian roulette in Foreign Affairs is the way to go! Oval Office is not a game for Narcissistic Personality Disorder folks with documented Bipolarity limitations.
Ascalepius: You should take a pill. You're irony deficient.
Congratulations Rmiller101, your dream of Stein winning is even more delusional than the Trumpster Divers. That was a tough hurdle to clear but you jumped right over the bar.
Nanakanda, you are the one expressing hatred.
The plan is similar to the Chinese encouraging Chinese immigration into Tibet: destroy the local culture and replace it with another.
Translation: Outside of legalizing pot we have no clue what our policies are going to be'You translated incorrectly, If the Liberals release their policy too early the Reform/Conservatives will steal it and claim it for their own.
But to most of us, it just makes him look gullible.'=====No. Not that. What a stupid remark.
When it happens in a 'Free World' like the US, then to the Lefties in Hong Kong, this is NOT a problem. Only when it happens in China it becomes a huge problem.
Define 'hypocritical scumbag'.
Small words. Short sentences. Celebrating ignorance. Living in a dreamworld. Welcome to Ford Nation.
Feel free to add it to your bag of concern troll talking points.
So the left does not trust judges?
Re: "if cake bakeries simply told gay customers how they felt" Sorry, but I came to buy a cake, not hear a sermon!
Monkey, If you think private money does not redistribute income and encourage inequality you are far more naive than I thought.
maximrw - what's backwards? THe coward's a Harper?
This is looking like the anti technology column written on computers.
Posting on G&M comment sites for pennies from the Liberal party.
Based on this editorial, but not just this editorial but the ridiculous opinions regularly put forth, editorial or editorially-directed, etc., this newspaper has gone batty, so politically correct to have lost all sense of common sense.
sorry cant feel sorry for the guy been sucking on the front tit for too long and the only reason he's at all relevant is our government allows french language laws to rule. Yes french spelled wit a small f.
The Globe is making a big deal of this 'Putin confrontation'.. I would think a Globe reporter would have attempted to verify it, afterall it was reported by the PMO staff so crediblity is lacking... anybody out there who wants the truth?
NO bloody excuse Eliza. If the police can't handle certain jobs, then take away their authority to do so and give it to an organization that can .... the army!
So a former Secretary of State and Two-term Senator is, in your mind, worse than a clown with no understanding of how the Government works and what the Constitution says. That soesn't say much good about your thought processes.
Well.... if I had the choice between the current, un-principled, Saudi regime or an overthrow like we see in Syria, I'll choose the former. One thing the world is learning, slow progress is better and less costly (in lives) than revolution.
how do you know the money wont be used to enrich shareholders first?
Since he's a New York socialist I would lean towards sex offender...
Chiapethewise if you think Doug Saunders is a socialist you don't have any clue about the meaning of that word.
He had to, otherwise he'd have had nothing to work with. When you look at the party platforms, nearly 70% of Canadians agreed with most of it. Seems like thats Canadian enough.
What if they're attacked? Wouldn't you want them to be combat troops?
Clearly you weren't around while western Canada burned up this summer.
Margaret Wente's response to climate change? Do nothing. And she calls this a mature response to this crisis.
All of 'us' is a backdoor entry of United States.
Google 'New Brunswick General Election 1987'. Even though Richard Hatfield was the Conservative leader at the time, what happened to him and his party is the same thing as what's about to happen to Krusty the Klown and the BC Liberals.
The United States is a benign factor'Yeah, when they're not busy arming head-chopping and liver-eating jihadis to carry out their vile regime-change plans that are responsible for this whole conflict. Go Russia!
Who wants a nuclear deal with Iran when the military-industrial-security-banker-government-religion complex would profit immensely by a war on Iran and Artillery Hillary is waiting in the wings to become commander-in-chief with her very own war?
Can't admit who was responsible can you - do you live in the GTA?
Wait, did this need a sarcasm flag?
Once a leader, Canada disappearing from the developing world'yes, Canadians are legends in their own minds..... this started with the Liberals under Chretien who decimated Canada's foreign aid budget not 'in the last 5 years' as Smilie claims
If Tabatha ever ventures off the overly politically correct shores, I would not expect anything more than the usual cookie cutter marzipan journalism, wrapped under 'How few bad apples scared Old Europe' title.
If you are Irrational, don't make stupid comments, make rational ones 'We will only pay for the who get sick through no fault of their own; the public should not be expected to pay for life-style diseases.'
No, you've just demonstrated the 'God in the gap' fallacy: anything that is beyond your personal knowledge or comprehension must be 'God'. Apparently you could learn more from this episode with the coin...
and with any luck he will soon be the same inside Canada too!
Wow, two things that I can tell about you from your post: 1. You're young and obviously didn't live through it, & 2. You have or are working toward an Arts degree.
On your way to delusionland remember who made Canada a one-trick pony of OIL OIL OIL
What about you, Robbins and Summers? Coinpurses nice and smooth?
Another ostrich with his head deep in the sand. Keep it there, business, you won't know what hit you.
The Globe replaces the letter from the former PM's et al with this partisan hack?
Bombast and nonsense' Principal tools of the Harper gang.
southcoaster: left to these clowns is anyone who does not think that taxes should be rolled back to 0.
Umm... did you not just read this article on a media website? Is this article what you consider 'anti-Harper bias'? If so, you really do need to lay off the Kool-Aid or re-adjust your tinfoil hat or both.
cjlawrie, you must be part of the Globe editorial board, because you are WRONG! http://www.theglobeandmail.com/globe-debate/editorials/ontario-election-part-4-for-a-conservative-minority/article19047636/
But we are only 0.5% of the world's population. We are emitting FOUR TIMES the global per capita average. Including historical emissions we have contributed about EIGHT TIMES as much to this problem as the global average.
Who subsidizes your fire and police? Want a hint?
Miller, at least you don't whine like your buddy, Trump. You simply throw him in the trumpeter and move on your the next whacko. So it's Jill Stein is it? "Real Solutions go Working People" - wow! Inspiring!
Then why do Canadians go to the USA or Mexico for health care?
Cherry picked history from the Wile E Coyote of Alberta politics
Harperman, Harperman, November fourth, you're in the can. Justin's ready, his hair is nice, And he sure put you on ice.
Seems to me that you are not thinking Konrad.
Voting Liberal? All you get is Harper-Lite?, plus endless income tax surcharges and sermons about a "middle class".
Please provide some evidence that 'Ford is working hard to save us money' - and by evidence I mean something more tangible than the woolly-headed thinking of you Ford Nayshunals ....
fewer obese people dressed in sweatpants.'... including the Mayor
The whole editorial - like the whole Konservative platform is putting the brightest shade of lipstick on the ugliest pig - and the back end of the pig at that.
You're telling me Canadians are bipolar! They need their Lithium dosage quickly.
Personally, I feel that picking through human feces at a sewage treatment plant is degrading and unseemly, but I would never suggest that it should be outlawed. 'Perfect!
Muslims generally think it's a good idea for others to convert to Islam. The main point made in this piece is that Cathlolics now have doctrinal instruction no longer to try to convert Jews.
Yes we have never seen such a bias media work so hard to drag this tired hag across the finish.'How come when I said the same thing in other articles against Trump I didn't get this many thumbs up??
She's not commenting on Brexit, she's doing something much more surprising -- commenting on the one-note media coverage of it.
you should get a subscription so taxpayers do not have to fund your fetish
This, I don't know how it is in Latino and black communities. But in brown and what I can tell from the Asians. There is a lot of cooperation
The pensioners ARE the sponsors! Gt a grip, Art!
This sounds like an ad from the Power Workers of Ontario.
Ever heard of wage cuts? Don't like it find another job.
Perhaps clever Canadian academics could be offering to help?
Saunders noodles about 'Canadian apartment dwellers' from his elitist rookery in London.
Yes perhaps we should show some love and remove these children from these 'hating' parents. If they resist, send the Swat teams. I'm sure you have nothing but 'love' for those who disagree with you.
Good one. Allah help the peaceable, 'moderate' Muslin in France or Germany. Or Belgium. Or...
Tell me 'just tom' and 'you cant handle the truth' What bothered you more, my words or the fact that there is censorship/monitoring of Replies?
Search the internet for Kal-Tec or Tavor TAR-21 or KRISS or Noringo 97.All currently available in Canada without a restricted license, all semi's, all 223 why all the fuss over the AR?
...more learned liberal advisors...'Not only learned, but even 'more learned'? Where have they been hiding all these years?
We should not be smug about this. Canada dodged a brown shirted future by getting rid of the Harper Government. In his desperation to be re-elected, Harper appealed to and promoted bigotry.
In order to save this democracy we must stop people from participating!
HaHaHa! The comment section of the G&M has sure become the main message board for left wing numbnutz!. Far more balanced posting at the NP.'And you are here, Don. Welcome to the club, hahaha.
It seems that Ms Wente has brought her war on drugs mantra from the US with her. 1964 (year she emigrated) is a long time to harbor outdated attitudes in a country that knows better, save for Hasrpers gang
If the comments here are the true yardstick how people will vote , the Liberal will win a landslide election next time, and Harper conservatives will be wiped out from the map.
I wonder if Truth lives far from our increasingly foreign dominated banlieux?
Your clarification has as much relevance to people outside the absurd subculture from which the words arose as do the terms "bogey" and "birdie" to anyone other than golf enthusiasts.
A union economist? LOL! What the frig is that? Great at spending other people's money until it runs out and then asking for a grant to continue?
How's that real estate speculation gig workin' for ya?
Since we've been hearing about adscam for over 20 years now then by your logic it's only fair that we keep talking about Duffy for 20 yearsIs that what you want??
Moon, Do you *really* need it spelled out to you?
You know, right, that the first criteria to win a Nobel Prize of any sort is that the winner has to be alive?
Paul says "only the more simple minded among us would think so." Nice way to welcome a new Canadian. Typical leftist vitriol and thuggery from someone whose blue collar just covers his red neck
Far right conservatism in trouble, progressive conservatism isn't.
I used to think the WHO was a responsible organization. I used to think the Cancer Society actually wanted to cure cancer. I used to think there was no such thing as corruption. I used to think the Globe and Mail was a reputable newspaper.
Wrong!
We elect governments that do not allow the 'market' to operate, we've been raised to be socialists.
Nobody has a 'social licence' to commit violence, keith, and certainly not in the dubious cause of degrading our economy.
What was with Harper's use of the phrase 'old stock Canadians'? Sounds a lot like the 'pure laine' reference by extreme nationalists ion Quebec. A strong whiff of racism in that phrase. Too many Canadians not WASP enough for you Steve?
The appearance of Con support can be chalked up to cheating.
Many of history's finest examples agree with you as well; Po Pot, Stalin, Hitler, Chevas (sp), Castro....You hand-wringering, left-wing dingbats amaze me. Perhaps your rainbow unicorn has some legal ideas to suggest.
If there is anything the Press is very familiar with its the gutter.
Never trust anyone who predicts the future with such certainty. This article and woman are examples of why the British want and need to leave. Another globalist rant about how your average person is too stupid and inept to govern themselves.
People die if they are killed. But he probably didn't know that.
I suspect at least 40% of Canadians agree with you Bud. When a sober decision is made at the ballot box on Oct 19, 2015 there is only one serious option. Its the PM.
More like Trudeau's Fanzine.
The only racism displayed is your tolerance of old world sexism towards women.
--well, --not_quite_no influence. Just enough to make us raise our hackles at the absurdities published at 'the Centre-of-the-Universe' in its' sublime ignorance of what's west of Lake Superior.
Instead of stopping people from taking the own lives why don't we actually address the elephant in the room for once? Why are so many people finding life so unbearable they chose to end it and what as Canadians can we do to help our friends, neighbors and our children.
What a poorly written article. Does not say much for the University of Calgary. Like Harper he uses division for political gain.
Neo-Left Statistics - 60% voted against Tory remember how many times sore loser leftists whined that 60% voted against Harper 53% voted against Ford so now we throw the whine back in their faces 60% voted against Tory
Who cares about the Reform Party or Back in the Day? If Back in the Day is so important to you why not dream about how your Liberals used to be in power and are now just 3rd rate also rans.
All true, but the real 'why' is that the others were loyal Canadians, while Harper is a traitor engaged in treason.
Harper is the Prime Minister for only the 30% of us who still somewhat agree with his prejudices. For the rest of us (including the Chief Justice), he is content to be our Dictator, who will do anything to dictate his orders.
For decades, the big frightening threat was fundamentalist Christians...
If I had a son who was an incompetent president he'd look like...
Hmm. Sounds like maybe your brain is wired to dismiss the science/ignore climate change. Could it be the author is actually onto something? Nah, let's go with your conspiracy theory and call it 'logical thinking' instead. Yeah, that's the ticket.
It doesnt have to be hordes, a few as happened in UK, France, US. Deny all you want, they want to violently rule the world, or have you not been following what they are doing in Iraq?
Canada's PM is devious and manipulative. THe TPP deal is shrouded in secrecy but veils are the going concern with the Conservatives.
I don't recall Canada dropping bombs on India before terrorists in Vancouver put a bomb on a plane and killed 268 Canadian citizens.
How about the distribution of armaments to countries you know are supporting some arms of the terrorist. Should they not be considered terrorist?
Now that you've climbed on your high horse and accused someone of being a bigot, please tell us about the family you've sponsored.
Next time quote your research. Angus Reid polling shows the exact opposite.
 however, I think the guy needs professional medical help'Detox?
My guess is that Harper is more like Nixon than we realize - I bet that all PMO offices were bugged (audio and video) as well as all email and computer files regularly scanned and reported on. Harper is sick enough to set this up.
If you're going to quote, at least make an effort to get it right. ?? For me, pepper, I put it on my plate ?. ?
It is particularly funny since Lawrence Martin is usually a Liberal hack.
difficult because there is no Party politics - officially but the weasel like NDP type of councillors hold a monthly "caucus" meeting 15 of them out of 44 this violates the spirit of Council
The HATER Jack trolling as usual. Dismal handling, could you provide some examples? Low oil prices?
ZZzzz.... Fill in the blank______ have a right to be heard and respected. What a meaningless cliche!
Keep telling yourself that.
Anything a reader posts extemporaneously that shows disrespect for a PM, other than Harper, is abusive and must be removed.
You do not question the Dear Leader! Our Lord and Saviour's word is Gospel and must be treated as such! Trudeau is ENTITLED by birthright to run Canada as he sees fit!
Actually all it takes is to say you are ( and of course label yourself a Conservative) and Harper's base will swallow it all hook, line and sinker.
Why, of course. How could I have been so stupid! They simply take 2.5% away from all the teachers and then give it back. Thanks for clearing that up, Friggate! Now, back to summer vacation, you!
So why, in 2005 did mayors of both cities invite and literally court Enbridge, so their individual towns could be the terminus of the project? Enbridge and their shareholders are owed an apology for this debacle.
I found a bit of a "review" I guess... she is so right. All the conversation about muslim women revolves around those two things. There is so much more to it.
Can the Globe & Mail please hire staff who can write proper english and doesn't do their due diligence from conservative election ads? Harper has delivered 9 deficits in a row and 2015 will be a deficit year as well contrary to conservative claims.
You never made it out of grade 3.
If I wanted rip-off pricing for cheek by jowl housing surrounded by druggies, hipsters and foreigners in a polity collapsing from anomie I'd just move to Vancouver instead of trying to remake my own city.
If the boomers had paid their way we wouldn't have so much provincial and federal debt.
So what? Those are reasons for voting for Trump? Because, "It is possible that hostile actors ..."? Trump is the noxious product of Fox News, and a racist, delusional Tea Party. Even the GOP finds he has no redeeming qualities whatsoever.
Suzuki's Fish Story: opinion.financialpost.com/2011/03/14/suzukis-fish-story/
Those who play the drinking game based on CheeMiss writing 'union thug' in a comment . . . tend to get pie-eyed pretty quickly.
He never did, it was all lies and uinnuendo that has yet to be proven. Now The Star is even trying to get the police chief to justify their slanderous accusations.
If that ever happens, we should have no hesitation whatsoever in buying every single issue in the country and burning them all. What a statement!
No, I'd say you are a typical Canadian.
To the author: Of course a friendly mutual hello would be nice, but we would rather have police who break the law actually face the same justice system we do.
I'm glad you are privy to the internal discussions of the Iranian government.
So has his brilliant cancer research been discredited by a bad joke? Should he take all his marbles, and cancer cures, and pack them up in cardboard boxes just because he's wrong about feminism?
Who appointed the Commissioner and the Commissioner before him? The RCMP were politically controlled by the Harper government (TM).
Congratulations, Wisteria, for being someone who votes looking through the windshield rather than through the rear-view mirror.
>> pursuing an international criminalSo you fell for that one, as well.
Trump is the modern day leader of the 'Know Nothing Party.'
And was promptly voted in again by the Canadian electorate as PM. Swing and a miss there Bobby!
Bitter much?
Regular, If you're unhappy with the pay executives are making, buy shares and vote otherwise at the annual general meeting. Otherwise, it's none of your business what a company's board decides to pay its people.
Republicans opposed the measure across the board. Can you read?
You have not addressed a word the author said with your vile riposte.
Really. She reads like Patrick Brown's Communications Director.
Spin as you like. The undeniable fact is, Ontario has been "transformed" from a giver to a beggar after the 11-year ruthless abuse committed by the incompetent and yet very corrupted Liberals and Wynne is the worst of the worst, the rotten one.
Dopiest comment I see is "The science is settled," typically one of your favourites.
In the 70's, girls wore tube tops and terry cloth short shorts and guys managed to graduate with good grades and no rape conviction.
Are school dress codes sexist and oppressive?'No.Show up to work at a professional office exposing your midriff, see how long you last.
Which reminds me - they let Pamela Wallin moderate one year!
got re-elected doing it'Had Leopoldo Galtieri not invaded the Falklands, thatcher would have been a single-term prime minister.
Please explain in detail the damage done to young Canadian men.
no different than anything else thrown out there over the years' - Yeah. By PCs introducing to Canada the worst aspect of US campaigning style. You can actually say this without feeling ashamed?
hey the Pope attacked the Donald first, the guy fights back. Good on him. I think a lot of Americans are tired of being so heavenly bound they are no earthly good.
Nullify their passports and revoke their citizenship, and problem is solved since they never be able to come back to Canada again.
Perhaps you will convince MLA's from the PC party to walk across the floor and join the Wildrose.
Hey Craig, why won't Nick Kouvalis run any relection campaign for Ford unless he goes to rehab??? This has nothing to do with 'Ford haters'. Folks don't like Ford because he is a clownish blow-hard who can't grasp his job.
Oh - so I imagine you have enquired about the curricula for each of the other subjects taught in our schools?
Cry SHILL!!!... and release the Dogs of Woo.
Trump? No problem. Ignore the bitter rants of those who miscalculated, got it all wrong, who bet on the wrong horse, who got caught with their ideological pants down.
Pierre Poutine.
You have never heard about Bill Clintons rape charges? Why am I wasting my time, you probably love Turdo also as prime minister.
Re: 'he is not a war mugger' [sic]You seem to have chosen to ignore his 'war' on Mexicans and Muslims. And on common sense.
Do you always celebrate amateurishness?
Could we call it monolithic art and charge an entrance fee for viewing before it gets destroyed by the employed crew with jack-hammers?
Exactly. Even his comments yesterday are nothing new - e.g., Ann Coulter suggested bombing the New York Times.
How to get under Harpers skin, vote Liberal.
And what good have you done, that would make you a judge.
And speaking of PR Ms. Wente, nice little PR piece for Israel. I'm not saying you're wrong about the motives of Hamas but I have a hard time feeling sympathy for Mike Tyson when he's throttling a toddler.
What ARE they saying then? Enlighten us, Mr. Comprehension.
The ads are simply meant to denigrate, degrade, humiliate, and intimidate.'.. by showing silly footage and someone's own words. Ooooooffff, you folks are in for a rough 2015 election night!
Are you saying no one in Canada has ever been attacked by wildlife?
Is that a Drumpf endorsement, Ravensbud ?
Harper Conservatives are nothing if not radicals. Extreme in everything. Everyone else is either a terrorist or a child pornographer.
Yes - a truly naive piece of scribbling !
So in your world only leftists follow the law of the land? My Ten Cents cited the Constitution.
The speech balloon above her head had to be saying 'Why does he get that great hair for free and I spend a fortune on mine',while her pancake make up was holding on for dear life.
Onward Christian soldiers marching off to war... Anyone still wanna buy those F-35s,ah,ah,ahhhhh? This, is the price you pay... Highway of hero's??? More like highway of fools...
Ali Ceste, please compare the status of Israeli women with that of women in the Muslim world and report back to us.
why are  all the poeple that get low income houseing .....WHITE...BLACK....LOITYNO.....AND WHY ARE JEWISH POPELE TOLD TO GO TO HELL WHEN THAY TRY TO GET LOW INCOME HOUSEING....??????MABY I SHOULD BUY A
Lemme see. For the bible thumping idiots... Weren't the jews the ones that had the white mans jesus murdered by the parasites and leeches that made up the Imperial Roman Empire?
No bigotry in you calling Conservatives Nazis, is there? A bit like calling Muslims terrorists if you were capable of honesty.
No, that's humanism. Atheism is the lack of belief in gods. That's it.
To Muslims  is there  distinction between Quebec City or Calgary  Quebec and Ottawa?  I suspect they will  all be   guilty to Canadian Muslims.
https://www.jihadwatch.org/2017/02/quebec-imam-prays-o-allah-destroy-the-accursed-jews-o-allah-kill-them-one-by-one 'Quebec imam prays: “O Allah, destroy the accursed Jews…O Allah, kill them one by one”'
Transgender - leave it to states. Weed - Keep it at federal level because states have no rights.
...........................How shallow of you. But thanks anyway for your constructive POV.
elevate your debating skills Why and Alceste
Yes, just like Islamopalooza went down bad last year.  Ctrl-left terrorists shouldn't be tolerated, remember when that Hillary supporter murdered 49 gays in Florida? Mateen and Hodgkinson were just part of a terrorist organization.
AS long as they do not join to get free surgery fine. If you are trans already and still want to join , do it. But can you do the job?
Honey?  Did you read the article?  She attacked Pope Francis for saying that countries should be welcoming of immigrants.  That is her whole platform.  That France would be better if she could kick out all the dark skinned people and Muslims.
And the Germans didn't want the Jews so therefore they can just exterminate them   Pregnant women can always give their children up for adoption  Otherwise they suffer the risk if they don't go to confession of possibly going to hell
Raskolnikov, Your hatred of Jews has evolved over time in its manifestations and disguises and one can see all three forms in abundance here. Read some history and maybe you'll understand a thing or two about reality. Your antisemitism is disgusting.
LOL!   None of this medieval maneuvering has diddly-squat to do with any group of people who call themselves 'Christian,' i.e., followers of Christ.  It may, however, provide Dan Brown with his next stupid book and Tom Hanks with another bad movie.
Think about the nature of the fathers comments.. 'A good son. An educated son.' 'God will punish homosexuals'.. These radicals consider themselves instruments of God. How much longer will we ignore this kind of hateful rhetoric..
Just some inside info:  the 'you're a  pharisee' smear is from the 'beginner' section of Catholic commenting playbook.  High school, not graduate school.
What in heaven's name does your obsession with our new PM (maybe it hurts comparing where he is to where you are in life?) have to do with the topic Martin is discussing? Oh, right. Nothing. Off you go, now.
You left out a word: do whatever it takes to stop a gay man's right to HATE speech.
Right on Sarah Sanders!  She's not forcing anything on anybody--it's done silently and privately.  Psalms 14:1 The fool has said there is no God.  Which is in the Jewish Old Testament.   For the loud unbelieving Jewish friends.
Don't want to leave anyone out.    Sandy Hook Elementary School - children murdered by a heavily armed JEWISH white guy.  There fixed it for ya.
Not in the Conservatives family. You are not part of them.
How does sharing a bathroom with a transgender person negatively affect your life?
You have just raised the issue of religious misogyny (and not to mention hate and death among gays) that the MSM will not discuss nor are Canadians allowed to bring up in a multicultural society.
 white jew-god mind', well we know where 3d's head is at.  Bigotry and racism.  Must be another graduate of the Hawaiian Studies program at the U of H.
You mean the 'Christian' who has repeatedly threatened to immolate 70 million men, women and children by deploying tactical nuclear weapons against the Islamic Republic of Iran? If Killary is a 'Christian', then so is satan.
Nothing but thinly disguised Christian Supremacy.
Why he is just a white, good ol' boy carrying his legal supply of weapons, disciplining his family members when they fail to obey the patriarch as religious dogma dictates.  No crime here, just performing his duties as white, christian rules apply.
un autre qui n'a pas d't?te et il faut qu'il nous le fasse savoir
From Berig in RochesterPlease come join us in worship! No matter how un-Godly you may feel, the doors are off the hinges to receive you. Your lack of believe is natural, love awaits you, you're always welcome. Dig it.
Unloving, yes. You would have us believe that God is as homophobic as you are. And, given that you reject Dignitatis Humanae, you are NOT faithful to Church teaching.
RobHave faith. Give people a chance to live like you do.
The article didn't talk about Viagra or the cigarettes they used to pass out, only the transgender.
one way to curtail fighting? Have law / act state it cannot be shown or commented on through the media - any media. If there was a fight and dead air or some replay the league intelligentsia would soon get the message.
When I was growing up transgendered people were known as in local vernacular chicks with d##ks.
SMM: Electorate has spoken? When? You mean the 39.5% popular vote for the Liberals? Craft a good law? How naive. For your sake, I hope you never find yourself in a situation where your life will be snuffed out against your wishes.
Nope...not true. Beck retired before Osama was taken out.    And did not 'trans' until after leaving the military.
Dear Mr. Hound38 Do I understand that, aside from the items you mentioned, you are a sound supporter of Mr. Harper?
From a 'fair work place' in a very short time, became, 'marriage, adoption, 'hate crimes' special privilege, and has gone on to 'transgender toilets' that we ALL must use, or be called 'haters'.  Call away then.
no sweetheart, they're going to slowly buy up everything you own, settle your lands and put you to work in factories and you'll be cheering them on
The Trudeau cabinet members and staff appear to have no sense of ethical responsibility. Brison's response is cavalier and shows he is completely unaware that this is a serious allegation of impropriety. Having a gay husband doesn't give him a free pass.
According to NEWSWEEK, 'Border Wall Tied to Trump Transgender Ban'. http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/border-wall-tied-to-trump-transgender-ban-report/ar-AAoSxVS?li=BBnb7Kz
Tabby Cat is using it in a disgusting offensive way and damn right it's a slur. It's a slur against every single non-transsexual person out there.    Wake up. The 'victims' of bigotry are now the bullies.   Tabby Cat isn't funny and should be dismissed for her hateful rant.
MEN OF CALGARY: GO GAY! It is the only thing that will save your skin. But in today's heated feminist empire, being gay may not be a defence from an accusation of sexual impropriety.
Christianity at least is based on 'turn the other cheek'.
I am NOT protecting or condoning the alleged behavior!  I'm pointing out the 'he did this because he is gay' bigotry.
Which 'Church' are you referring  to...the Roman Catholic Church  or the True Christian Church?
As soon as Freeland has NAFTA and the Chechen gay holocaust fixed I would like to see Trudeau set her on the little North Korean psychopath.
But EWTN types told me that women have the important role in the Catholic Church doing all the menial grunt work that men don't want to under the 'leadership' of the more intelligent malefolk.  Sarc off/
As Justin said about the arms sale to Saudi Arabia, one cannot interfere with the sanctity of a government contract.
I wonder how many people remember that Quebec was once the most difficult province to live in if you were Jewish.
Mr. President, the  Chinese just invaded Taiwan'. 'Get Jew boy on it...I'm busy trying to come up with a killer tweet to put that nasty Samantha Bee in her place'...
I have heard the mothers of trans Americans often feel like they are 'transparent'
LOL.  Please tell me it includes the one that thinks that having boys do household chores turns them gay.
If Francis is concerned about the health of Vatican staff....what about the health hazards associated with gay sex (including depression, AIDS, suicide) and cocaine use among Vatican staff?
What a disgusting person.  How many offensive things has he said about other people and never apologized for.    What she tweeted happens to be true.   After all there were GOOD people chanting 'Jews will not replace us' at the white supremacist rally.
It's like giving a dying patient a transfusion with blood from his other arm.
All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing. ~ Edmund Burke
And so a new orthodoxy was born.
Jews are whites too and whites are not the most advanced race either.
Not surprising Nikki, considering that millions serve and only a very tiny fraction are 'trans.'  It is using statistics to make a false point.
Oh deer: Hitler really! I have nothing but respect for Jews, they are truly a remarkable people. It's you retread, left wing , tambourine banging, pot circle sloths I have no time for. Ps love your conspiracy theories, do you hear voices?
The modernity comment was solely regarding the sentence on transgender folks.  And that is a modern phenomenon. Not in terms of the existence of such folks, but of the familiarity of enough laypersons to raise the subject to the level of commonplace everyday conversation.
Nope.  Trump's campaign promise was a Muslim ban.
How do you progs become such extremists?
colon7, you are partially right. Religion is the problem. A minority of one religion.
It was not immigrants that caused the carnage at that mosque.  It was not multiculturalism. It was not Islam. It was sheer unadulterated hatred. Pure bigotry. Revolting xenophobia.   Your attempt to justify the slaughter in Quebec is beyond repulse.
And I bet that in the day you expected your Jewish classmates to smile when you walked into that exclusive country club.  And you expected your black classmates to do the honourable thing and avoid using the whites only washrooms and lunch counters.
I wouldn't say that 'Being gay has nothing to do with being a pedarast.' Pederasty is a 'sub-set' of male homosexuality. So a pederast is a homosexual male while not all homosexual males are pederasts. So 'nothing to do with' is overstating it.
And one can assume you lived at home - always a dividend, Orderkaos. Mrs. P has nailed it, with serious input from the real world by Mike. Margaret's experiences are of another age.
Infowars?  Congratulations on losing all credibility. Have another beer and watch more TV.  Obama made my frog gay with chemicals while cloning 9/11!
They are too busy fighting pro-choice, lgbt rights,  and making excuses on what Trump 'really meant.'
I take issue with 'the god of the Jewish Bible is a cruel, vindictive, angry assassin'.  In addition it appears to be unrelated to the article.
Rest easy, Harper will win the next election and just like Benjamin Yahoo he will repeal this legislation and blame his Finance Minister for this stupidity.
We treat the 2nd Amendment like a death lottery and we are all potential blood sacrifices. How many of those concert goers thought they had bought lottery tickets? I thought Jesus made human sacrifices unnecessary. I'm sure a lot of those concert goers thought they were Christians.
You like to use the word Facist, seth. Do please tell us what you understand that label to mean. Then compare and contrast your 'notion' with reality.
Trump's tweets expertly tilt the scales of justice against his Muslim ban
How is baking a cake for a gay couple exceeding his obligations?
uniquely Canadian' really means 'from Cana-duh'
If a military draft is necessary during war time is Trump prepared to give Trans-gendered people an exemption? Or do exemptions only apply to rich kids with heel spurs?
What is ridiculous is suggesting an equivalency between the number of attacks on jews in Canada and the number of attacks  on Irish people in Canada.
Of course Trump blames the black guy.  Hurricane Maria was the fault of Puerto Ricans.  The Jews caused Nazis.   Blacks force themselves to be abused by the cops.
A priest raping a child is hysterical.  Your comment history shows your reverence for the church and seems to be missing the teachings of Christ.
“don we now our gay apparel.” ? What is Kahle suggesting? Kahle is gay and his class mates knew he was? Or is Kahle sneaking in a homophobic slur and in the RG no less?
Refresh my memory, which religion killed millions of people in the name of imperialism or then thousands of people in Ireland or during the Thirty Years War or during fascist rule in Spain, Italy and Germany.
Alceste, Paris voted 10% Le Pen Paris is  20 % Muslim ? 20 % other immigrants ? 50% urban leftists? - so why is that surprising?
TO Blackfly and eCitizenfirefighters, police and ...teachers and TTCare examples of OVERPAID public sector UNIONIZED salariesthat people oppose but because Ford also opposes then the Ford Haters oppose Fordsort of cut off your nose to spite your face
You have the disgraceful temerity to draw a moral equivalence between the Holocaust and the Jewish recovery miracle, and the Palestinian fourth generation, UN tit-sucking, Jew-hating refugee bullshit story. It's exceedingly charitable to describe you as a libtard.
More poverty for average joe hardworking taxpayer on a fictitious problem.
As night fell Friday and Texas braced for a generational storm, Trump pardoned a racist political ally and ordered an indefinite ban on transgender servicemembers joining the military.
Compassion if necessary, but not necessarily compassion'
Wyatt are you a transvestite, Transsexual, or just a Man that just hates himself for being what you are? Do you have a hard time competing against your gender?  Get real, look in your shorts Dude!
Republican controlled only in theory even Republicans can't stomach Cheetolini your religious SAVIOUR ... lol ... 'christians' are foul and evil as is evidenced by YOUR President :)
Klastri, back to name calling when you can't explain a comment you made.  You said transgenders in the military is a civil right.  A sharp lawyer like you ought to be able to defend your position, so why can't you?
They have the same rights to life and security of the person as you do.
Yes because when I think of the PLO, Hamas, and Islamic Jihad the first thing that comes to mind is: law, morality, and ethics.
Ah, so it is only symbolic then ? ... how about the whole religion and all (man-made) religions are symbolic (i.e. created by man to suit his spiritual needs).
First of all. Modernism is passe. We are living in a post-modern world. SOme even say post post-modern.   Second, I stand by what I said.  Utter nonsense--specifically, the One, Holy, Catholic part. As far as 'outside of which' that is simply not provable.
The Nazis killed 6 million Jews, the Republican Party thinks nothing of attempting to kill 30 million Americans.
If this insanity continues, one cannot help but wonder if Ivanka will eventually be forced to choose between her racist daddy (and his low-info racist supporters), and her Jewish husband.    Boy, do I miss having the adults in charge of things. Not surprising most Americans miss Obama.
But it was okay to put drug dealers under house arrest so they could wander into the Eaton Centre and shoot it up, right? Wouldn't want a violent criminal with an illegal handgun in prison would we Liberals?
so explain to us why Ford got the biggest funeral parade of any mayor in Toronto and I mean PARADE you should have been there to feel the love from the poor and the marginalized
Let me guess: M.W. ?Elizabeth is a gem among the Globe columnists.
Not at the cost of the Human diginity of all women called to priesthood.  Justice First or we are not really Christian.  We are merely haters of women.
Garbage. The earth is entering thirty year cooling phase. The war on coal and oil will stop as soon as a Republican is in the White House. President Obama has been mislead by his science adviser.
Where was all the concern for persecuted Christians in the Middle East. Oh I forgot, Justin doesn't own a pair of socks with a cross on them.
Rejecting homosexuality on religious and making a business transaction are not related.
Bob, I know that you're not interested in facts but here's another report about the German 'green' jobs collapse. Don't worry, you'll hear more about this! http://greenzone.co/2014/02/26/german-government-report-urges-scrap-green-energy-subsidies/
normal as in statistically so, which is untrue among clergy. True heteros left and don't join. priesthood Asexuals and gays do.
radicalized = reform, tea party, old testament, scarlet letters, Koch puppets
they need to check the local rabbi for spray paint residue.  To identify the truly sick racists google: chief rabbi of Israel says only purpose of goyim is to serve jews, life of goyim worth same as donkey.  Netanyahu says this jerk is the greatest mind of this generation.  http://www.timesofisrael.com/5-of-ovadia-yosefs-most-controversial-quotations/
Our city celebrates slugs and trans.
Forcing your doctrine down the throats of ...'  Why do opponents of gay rights so often use this metaphor?
I wasn't actually sure of the intent of the letter writer, but some people seem to be interpreting it as trans = non human.
The Church does not teach that Mary 'never died'. Projecting your sexual issues, much?
And thanks to Alberta and Quebec before her, Canadians everywhere know it can be done. Let's go, Canada!
“alternative facts” that are spread about Muslims by anti-Muslim bigots.  --- There you have it: everyone criticizing Islam or Muslim societies practices are bigots and their speech is 'alternative facts' or soon hate.
Your post violates the first principle: Human intelligence in good faith. Jesus' maleness demonstrates only that 'He' was/is male.
KATO 50- 'still do wield enormous power in (Iran) to the point that they can dictate who runs the government.' You are talking about Mr. Harper aren't you ?? CAREFUL.
Could you explain how Obama was blatantly anti-Israel?  Lots of Jews inside and outside of Israel strongly disagree with the expansion of settlements but that does not make them anti-Israel. One can still support Israel and criticize their policies that appear to undermine a long term peace agreement.
Why should anyone bow to the progressive's demand that no one have any privacy?' Why should anyone bow to the conservative Catholics' demand to protect pedophiles, pedophile priests, the Pontifical Secret, and enabling Bishops and Cardinals?
Great news now we can give out more medals for war heros. They will have as much success as the US had in Vietnam. At least we are full members in the war club now. So much for Trudeau standing up for his and Canada's beliefs!
Paul Martin is the only former Canadian Prime Minister I can think of who has attempted to make a significant contribution to Canadian society after leaving public office. A great christian.
I would think, Andre, that the silence of the lambs in Gaza is due entirely to their known fate if they spoke out against Hamas. The Palestine Authority's leadership would likely suffer the same end.
Your post is both offensive and incorrect. Hitler did target the Jewish people.
Defense Department/Rand Corporation study finds the military spends five times as much on Viagra as it would on transgender troops’ medical care  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2017/07/26/the-military-spends-five-times-as-much-on-viagra-as-it-would-on-transgender-troops-medical-care/?utm_term=.06b4d712b1a8  Another study estimates that banning transgender service members would set the U.S. back $960 million  https://www.nbcnews.com/feature/nbc-out/banning-transgender-troops-could-cost-us-960-million-report-says-n792466
Yes it does. It tells you that the discrimination against Jewish interests and institutions runs deep in the international community, just as the infamous Zionism is Racism resolution in 1975 did and as the continued and ongoing manifestation of international anti-Semitism, past and present, demonstrates and confirms.
when you spread riches around, population growth slows down. you cant just dictate to the poor, you need to help lift them from poverty. then they will stop having so many kids.
But wait - it is the government who sets the work, not the bureaucrats who choose what they will do.
Jews will not replace us, Jews will not replace us.'  You down with that?
Human life begins when one makes the choice to bear that life into existence.
Actually there have been success's. Kobani and Sinjar to be specific. Sinjar and the close by mountain have split the ISIS held territory in half. ISIS will now have to retake Sinjar or re establish communications through the Desert.
How refreshingly void of content.
It was Catholics vs Protestants. How peripheral is that?
Who cares. Hamas and Hezbollah and the Palestinian Authority have continuously threatened Israel and its Jewish population with destruction and elimination and eradication.
No, it was right-wing evangelical hypocrite blowhard Jimmy Swaggart that was related to Jerry Lee Lewis.
Given that Trump has shown himself to be a narcissistic, lying, sexist, racist bigot, he DESERVES to be attacked. Certainly, no Christian should support him. Do you really believe he gives a damn about abortion?
I can't believe the Denver Post published this witless slur against transgender people.
 A lesbian ,  a native,  and a Rabi are in a life boat ... '  Yadda yadda yadda
Kenney supports the corrupted catholics and therefore is incapable to unite Albertans.  Religions are used by politicians to divide societies.
So how do you classify Kevin Spacey?  He says he's homosexual not a pedophile.  The research you're talking about comes from the psychology arena that I spoke about earlier.  It's all biased, weak research.
Perhaps you should refer to the Hamas charter which lays claim to ALL the land and promises the eradication of all Jews.
If I were transgender I'd say 'bah-bye' and be on my way, middle finger extended.  Trump is such a nothing.  And so are the people who support him. Just more to add to my personal list of 'undesirables.'   Ugh.
I support a voluntary $100 fee.
Alaska's Christians will continue to appear ignorant and vindictive to the rest of the world while the Prevos and Boykos of the world go on their merry way ruining innocent people's lives while the Carlsons of the world are forced into early retirement.
ruthmatthews, can Rob Ford find something more interesting to [do] except slander and scandal, slander and scandal? Isn't that the real question? (that you've conveniently chosen to ignore)
So Hitler wasn't anti Jewish because he didn't kill all the jews?
You clearly have a rose-colored view.  Do you know what it is like to be an English speaking native of Quebec living in or visiting Quebec? ... Less fun than you'd think.  It gets even better if your mother, also a Quebec native, is Jewish.
I guess those Imam's in Canada who were shown preaching about killing Jews and non believers have been charged with hate crimes?
It's interesting how Jews can support someone connected to Nazi groups (Germany 1933).    Economic considerations almost always trump social and political interests.    Those Jews are less Jewish, more richish.
why, you want pictures?  numerous studies have shown that those who are vocally antigay are often closeted homosexuals that are secretly envious of those who are you publicly out.  is that why you are stalking me, you have a crush on me?   how special!  https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/homophobes-might-be-hidden-homosexuals/
Actually it's already covered by Medicare.  Besides, the Pentagon spends ten times as much on Viagra as on transgender medical coverage.
Because at most they make up 0.3% of the population? Clearly the left is in the next phase of making traditional Western culture disappear with their propaganda and social engineering. Next phase of the destruction of the west after 'Trans' is normalized will be pedophilia mark my words.
quite the hypothesis... and now can you back that up with specifics? Naw, I didn't think so.BTW, I will take the wooden Harper to the pixie doll JT any day.
You know who else was obsessed with perfect genes, right?   Hitler, who had Josef Mengele at his side experimenting on humans to find the perfect one, while killing millions of Jews.   The obsession with genes on the part of this president and his administration is really disgusting.
I was watching on HBO with candles and shouting your friends marching last weekend. They chanted the following: - 'the Jews will not replace us' - 'whose streets? our streets!' - 'Blood and Soil' an old Nazi chant This is outrageous and hateful. It was done by your side. Wake up!
How about a man who has transgendered into a woman.  Does he-she then become a qualified woman owned business?
You obviously don't know what you are talking about. If you are a 'catholic', you don't know much about your religion. Nobody is playing dress up. And if you aren't Catholic, you should keep your mouth shut and hide your ignorance.
If you are annoyed by it, you don't really understand it.
Well put sir. Or Ma'am. And... these are probably birds from the same flock who still think of 'Jews' as a race.
Effeminate men are as likely to be asexual as homosexual.  Priests are as likely one or the other.
Where? Did I miss it? Damn. Besides, are you aware that Jared Kushner, Trump's son-in-law, and one of the most important and effective people on his transition team is Jewish?
NoinradClearly you are a 'believer', and no amount of adverse data will change your mind. You are the little kid with fingers in ears saying la la la can't hear you!
US/Saudi supported 'moderate' terrorist head-choppers' No, Islamic supported and trained... Countries don't train people to be head choppers, organ eaters and yell 'Allah Akbar while killing each other and innocent people.
Sorry Alexandea, any group that denies science and wants to trample over the constitution's freedom of religion- for all religions- is wrong. There are many beliefs in evangelicals 'faith' as well as Catholics 'faith' that are plain stupid!
Transgender soldiers follow the same rules as other soldiers and face the same consequences as other soldiers for disrupting good order and discipline.  What is your point?  That soldiers who dislike and don't trust transgenders might act out and disrupt good order and discipline?
To cut roots of terrorism, enforce the Rule of Law
Sara, here is a small sample from A.L., paragraph 259 'There are absolutely no grounds for considering homosexual unions to be in any way similar or even remotely analogous to God’s plan for marriage and family.” Emphasis on the 'and family' part.
Don't be over confident. Muslins that Trump tried to stop from entering the U.S. freely enter Hawaii. It's just a matter of time before we experience terrorists activities. No longer a question of 'if' but 'when' and 'where'.
If their an obese transgender, do they get in?
...or the sexual abuse of children?  Jesus is a 'big boy', reputedly 'all knowing', etc. Children are quite another dimension.
M-103 is the discrimination. It's unnecessary identity politics. It's religious fools trying to get a foot in the door. It's complete nonsense supported by flakes and it should go in the trash bin where all religious con jobs should go.  Is that Islamophobia?
Why is Islam allowed in our schools?  It is much more than a religion, it is a comprehensive system - political, military, religious and dietary.  You cannot have Islam without sharia.
Trump also won because people despised the cabal that barnacled itself to Hillary: banksters, media owners, globalizers and the Republican elites they own, Democratic insiders, satchel-faced Radcliffe and Bryn Mawr psychopaths, Big Labour bosses ...
In the warped mind of the killer's father: Kallie is a good Christian girl from a good Christian family and the media (FAKE NEWS!) blew the story way out of proportion, so she should be let off. She's probably the real victim here.  GFY, Mr. Kuhasz.
An interesting question, but one you're not going to try to answer, I see, slofstra.  I'll give my opinion on yours, though.  The fact that TWU would be the only law school with this rule makes it no better than a single corner store which refuses to serve jews.
The birth control mandate, if originally inserted in Obamacare, would have just as easily passed. Why? Because it is essential that Western Judaea Christian America continue to contracept itself into oblivion for a successful 'fundamental transformation' by the Godless left to occur.
Or a lawyer!
Because then both boys and girls can get shot at equally !
Good find but it leaves one question unanswered.  Was that person transgendered, of was it simply a disguise to  commit a crime?
The Middle East conflict is not about freedom but personal security. These countries have never been free in the sense of democratic.
Accepting and promoting are different things, whether you talk about legal homosexuality and a right to marriage or legal abortion.
Passer. You speak as though the Supreme Court was the highest power in the land. Who cares what they "require"?
Residential schools were Implemented and supported by the Government of Canada and  allowed the Catholics to do what they wanted.  Now Trudeau want's an apology from the Pope?  How about Canada  taking responsibility instead of pointing figures at others.
And in other news, anti-Jewish bigotry and incitement to violence given a green light.  Now get out there and a punch a Jew!  Oh sorry, punch a Zionist!!
Whether you are guy, bi, trans, straight, nobody cares.  Using your orientation, as if it makes any difference, or because of that, your opinion counts more--it does not.
He supports people who have. He's against gay marriage, and for the right for companies and individuals to discriminate against gays.
Trump is not using race as an issue? You mean he is welcoming to Blacks, Latinos and Muslims to his rallies? What is the evil agenda that you speak of?
I am far happier and healthier post-transition than I was before.  So are lots of trans people.
Liberals just changed the game and dropped Motion 6 and are focusing on working together respectfully for all the people and country. memo for all MPs, sunny ways are here again, now back to work and voting like you are paid to be doing.
Some say Pride has always been about Politics NO Pride is not the United Nations it should stick to gay politics - fight for gay rights and not Israel-Palestine unless to support gay rights in Palestine (Israel already has)
All forms of hate needs to be eliminated. All forms of racism, Islamophobia, Homophobia, anti-semitism and laws discriminating against Transgenders. We need to get behind Justin, Obama, Hillary and Premier Wynne and fight all forms of hate which includes Trump!
He was teacher and a camp counselor. Those that can't - teach Perfect pedigree to run a convereted Muslim Communist country
Didn't you bother reading my post?  According to your criteria, my son did NOT honor the Church's teaching. He got remarried, and since he and his wife have children, has obviously had sexual intercourse with her.  He LEFT the Catholic Church specifically because of the laws on divorce and remarriage.
Believing in transubstantiation 'because the Pope says so' is just as stupid as believing the earth is four thousand years old 'because the Bible says so.' Both are simply political self-interest couched in supernatural blather.
Most military households say transgender people should get to serve
if a guy came to our Jummah and started spewing hate and being violent, he would literally have 300 brown and black kids jump at him.” --- Where were those 300 when the PDSB faith advisor hosted an imam calling for slaying of the Jews?
He's a man so that won't do.  I was thinking more along the lines of Theresa Spence now that she's looking for work but I'm pretty sure the CBC is hoping to cover all of their bases by hiring a non-white, aboriginal, trans gendered individual.
That cannot be .... did you not know? :)) Only 'right-wing' (whatever that means) people can be 'populists! :))) Certainly not Obama, especially after demonstrating his great charisma in psyching people into a trans-like state with all the 'Yes, we can do' chants!
If by "social engineer" you mean to correct misunderstanding, ignorance and eliminate bigotry, then engineer away.
That you would post something like this only underlines how you don't have the first clue about the crisis facing our veterans.
No biases, thank you, just a realist.  Maybe he is biased toward Jews.  The fact is, he is ignorant and has a destructive agenda.  Can you imagine the rest of the world putting sanctions on us for destruction of the atmosphere using the Trump policies?
And the Republic party just loves its 'blood and soil', 'Jews will not replace us' core driving a car into a crowd and killing a woman. That's the Republic party's definition of a civil society.
I think we need to be careful of the old pupule about the Jews killing Jesus. Jesus and all his disciples were jews. It would be like saying that it was those evil Americans that killed Lincoln because Booth was an American.
integrityAnd yet it isn't in Canada's interest to be so one sided in this conflict-----yet if Harper were ONE SIDED in support of terrorist Hamas you would celebrate and not mind at alladmit it
Cry me a river.  What happened to the Syrian Christian refugees?
The Average Patriotic American does not like being called 'irredeemable deplorables'.  That is one reason.  Another reason is that the Dems spew hatred towards Christians, Veterans, White Males and anyone who disagrees with perverts showering with our granddaughters.
Why would I want to reject (or eject) a transgender cyber expert from my division as its supervising officer?  All military service doesn't take place in the proverbial 'foxholes.'
1. Rubbish.  2. Flout, not flaunt.  3. The only 'homosexual advocates' are the ones that exist in your imagination.
That is an utterly ridiculous thing to say, since these poor people were specifically targeted because they were members of the LGBT community.  That would be like saying that Adolf Hitler targeted 6 million people for death in concentration camps in WWII, and failing to mention that they were Jews.
A mouthpiece for the political party that attracts Blacks who hate Whites, Homosexuals who hate Straights, Feminists who hate Men, etc.  And if you don't agree with anything they say....burn and loot.
Agreed. Those in the media are given undeserved adoration. They have bad breath, body odour and constipation just like everyone else but me. Hey, how come I'm not in the movies?  I coulda got babes for the ugly jewish man.
In private, however, he was living with Charles Chiarelli, his lover since 1965.'   That sentence says it all.  Fr O'Neil was an active practicing homosexual priest.  I don't think you should compare Fr Martin to this fellow Jesuit.
Paul - So when your teenage daughter is showering in the girls locker room at school and a teenage guy who identifies himself as a girl showers and walks around with his penis exposed, are you ok with that?  http://dailysignal.com/2015/12/21/why-these-high-school-girls-dont-want-transgender-student-a-in-their-locker-room/
When will Justin apologize to sex workers for society looking down on them
Why would white racists burn the church and then write 'Vote Trump?' This is an act by the Saul Alinsky crowd. They drove down from New York in a Mercedes limo, committed the act of terrorism, then drove back. This is what we get if Hillary is elected.
Maybe Harper can send you a free carton of cigarettes.
Anything that has the potential of taking seats away from the Harper gang can only be good for Canada.
The ignorant shall always be with us.
Support an independent CBC.
BS -- the whole 'transgender' kerfluffle is a minor, barely signifying blot on the national consciousness -- twitter is a perfectly appropriate venue for announcing the ban
Thank you Senator Schatz for standing up to this bully and racist.  I am proud that your represent Hawaii and in particular my views.  How can trump defend the crowd chanting, 'No Jews on the street.'  trump is unfit to be president.
Answers needed from the G & MFor twice endorsing these turkeys.
Expect more trade deals like this in the future. Even expect one day we'll have a North American currency!
Oh great, now we have a Toronto-based illustrator and textile designer telling Canada's snowboarding drama teacher Facebook Prime Minister Robin Hood how to run the immigration system.
Assisted suicide ought to bring into sharp focus societies' role ensuring that all that can be done is done for the living protecting the sanctity of life.
In transgender, why do we assume the brain is right and the body is wrong?
St Paul was 'ex-gay'? That might be illuminating.
I’m trying to imagine you with a personality.
All Muslims must take responsibility for the killings in Quebec. Ti was  for your  religion  these  murders happened and it is your religion that must change.
Yeah. Remember that Jesus told us 'Love your neighbor as yourself. Unless, of course, if your neighbor is gay; him you shall reject as intrinsically disordered.'
If we spent more time looking after each other, we wouldn?t have to go to the government for support.'Excuse me mister Manning, 'we' is the government. Havent u noticed. Or it should be.
RadirD, 'the agenda'?  To which right-wing conspiracy theory are you referencing?  The 'Deep State', the totalitarian 'New World Order', the 'North American Union', perhaps 'The Homosexual Agenda' or the overlords of the 'Liberal Mainstream Media' had something to do with this?
If Duffy can bring down the Harper regime, then in spite of his faults and errors, he would deserve a statue in Ottawa. It could go in the place of the ugly monument the Harper gang has planned.
The hypocrisy is worse if what your saying is true. Democrat Christians allow God to be removed from the platform in the name of politics.
Case in point: the person who equated a scarf-wearing muslim woman to a terrorist.' And who did that?
That's funny.  Elsewhere the poster to whom you were responding claimed that 'quell' was a word used by anti muslim trolls.
Jim Jenkins, for a party that supported slavery, segregation, lynching, Jim Crow, and the current Jew-hating, anti-Semitic, anti-Asian left-wing Black Left....you sure have a big mouth.
Did he then stuff the transgender's penis after castration in the transgender woman's mouth with the head sticking out?
Islamophobia to Muslims is anything that denies or resists the supremacy of Islam. Islam means 'submission' and not to submit to Allah is Islamophobic.
Yay Alceste! Way to go!  Of course, some religions in Canada do warrant support because their adherents are less empowered in Canadian society. Thus, we as Canadians must do more to make those faiths more welcome than, say, tired, antiquated Christianity.
....if only they could, but why would they when welfare (aka dumb canuck christians paying their $$!)
You may well think that but it's not Catholicism. The Commandments are not guidelines or ideals to be aimed for. And it's the deposit of faith these Cardinals are defending. Conscience isn't 'supreme'; the Truth is. Not even Pope Francis is teaching that.
Canadians don't want a lisping prime minister who's probably bisexual.
Serafim Saovskii, your hatred of Jews has evolved over time in its manifestations and disguises and one can see all three forms in abundance here. Read some history and maybe you'll understand a thing or two about reality. Your antisemitism is disgusting.
Tell that to all the children beaten by nuns im covent run schools a orphanages over the past 2000 years if the christian sects.  Women who beat children into submission....
Dear AlbertansYes, we feel your pain, and wish you well. Remember, misery never lasts for ever. This Easterner will never say ?let those western baaastards freeze in winter?. You are valuable to us in good times and bad. Get well soon. Best wishes.
You can't mention Sharia law or you will get your account deleted.  People don't want to know that female genital mutilation, misogyny, and throwing gays off buildings exist under Sharia law.  It dispels the myth of multicultualism.
If their deeds do not match their words, their deeds show us who these hierarchs really are. They are not serious about dealing with the evil pedophile scandal. This is another reason why a future iteration of  Catholic Christianity will be one without  clergy.
Oh please, 'Jews will not replace us' is false news. Listen to the audio, and then remove the pacifier.
Transgender soldiers can kill just as efficiently as straight soldiers.
You ignored skyofblue's point: that the groundwork for the now-accepted notion that every person has intrinsic worth and dignity was set by religious folks. The fact that Church hierarchy worked hand in hand with kings is another matter completely.
Overwhelmingly calls itself Christian.
And The Republicans have funnelled the $ to their friends. With The Tea Party saying it's not enough ...A down turn and the cupboard is bare. Definately 'World Class' in the current political environment.
Again, your whinge is 'gay sex is icky'.
Go to a volunteer force that are called in for bonafide fires while a core of say 4 professionals 2, 12 hour shifts to avoid the sleeping, who will respond to the medical emergencies and fire rescues. It would save millions and be as effective.
You and pretty much every person that is in favor of the baker discrimination do not get it. Political thought is not protected. In Colorado sexual orientation is protected.   Bottom line? You do not have to make a cake for a democrat. You have to make a cake for a gay person.
Monica, there is an excellent treatise on sex written by two  non-clerical theologians: 'THE SEXUAL PERSON: Toward a Renewed Catholic Anthropology' by Todd Salzman and Michael Lawler. 'In short, say Salzman and Lawler: emphasize relationships, not acts, and recognize Christianity's historically and culturally conditioned understanding of human sexuality.' http://press.georgetown.edu/book/georgetown/sexual-person
Sorry about not saying Islam is in no conceivable way involved in these murders.
Islam is not compatible with dutch values and i am pretty sure the dutch do not want to convert. It is all or nothing for the muslims and they will not stop until they have it all.  The elites refuse to except that reality.
Great?  2 homosexual males using surrogate mother(2) produce another homosexual male or lesbian or more homosexual males and/or lesbians.
Because it's impossible to align a transgendered individual's mind with their body.  Male and female brains are different - they're composed of different types of cells and they think with different parts of the brain.
Jews are scared because the terrorists lobbing bombs and launching rockets on Israel, are gaining ground in Europe.
Change the childs mind about what? Being LGBTQ? Or just thinking that LGBTQ people don't deserve to be treated any differently than anyone else? And what 'real issues' are you referring to? There is nothing not 'real' about being LGBTQ.   Spare us your veiled homophobia.
It still seems to come down to dislike/hatred of Jews; not much has changed in Europe and it is the same here in Canada.  And the comments here are the nicer ones that have not been blocked by the Globe's civility policy.
You need a citation to a source that supports your very specific claim, that liberals (as a whole) like/love (whatever) ALL Muslims and that ALL Muslims treat women as property. Good luck!
Let's not forget that other adorable example of good Christianity, the Salem Witch Trials. Let's hang 'em in the name of God!
Oh Boo hoo, if we sound like armed hoodlums, it comes from a Place of Pain. Get yer hankies out, Albertie is a-whining again. I'm surprised they don't blame Jewish Bankers and the Masonic Lodge.
Now we just need gay orgs to take responsibility for the fact that 4 out 5 church abuse cases were the work of gay priests abusing boys.  I call that fair play and honesty.
It's hard, well perhaps not so hard to humiliate a Jew hater. It comes with their mother's milk and their narrow education, and only serves to reinforce Israel's need for a Jewish state and minimizing the prospects of a terrorist state on its border.
Don't worry, this Catholic Institution will be dismantled before all other changes!!! You don't graft a new branch to a dead rootstock!
Mrs Gagnon never used the word ?madness? in her article in La Presse. Shame on the G&M!
Transgender ban in service bad idea, say former brass' -  BUT 'Transgender ban in service bad idea, says former Enlisted Man, NCO'. Who Can You Trust?? Will a confused person make great Defense decisions, Not in my Book!
Dear Western Society: Hosea 8:7
I would love to see you stand in the face of a transgender person and compare something as inmate as their identity  to having psoriasis or being overweight.  I could further pick apart your analogy but it's really not necessary because it's ridiculous.
With 325,886, 603 people in the US (three seconds ago) and 'One birth every 8 seconds and One death every 11 seconds', one 'transgender' critter more or less is really irrelevant!  https://www.census.gov/popclock/
Ivanka, Donald Jr. and Eric have all married into the Jewish community.    All of Trump's grandchildren are Jewish.  Everything he has done so far has been self serving, why end at religious intolerance and bigotry?
Heck ya man! We gotta organize man, we do!! Lets get on board the CRUSH CRUSH CRUSH Truck! Honk ! Honk! Join our non-partisan facebook page Canadians Rallying to Unseat Stephen Harper. Toot! Toot!
Why the hell do Muslims want to come to Canada if we are such a despicable bunch of racist kurrs?  Oh but they forgive us and try to accept us.   How magnanimous.  How much of their objection to us is just taqiyya?
Errors on the part of individual priests' ignorance or poor judgment cannot be imputed to the Church's teaching or to Christ's divine command.
If you need to claim you're world class - you're not. Toronto pols haven't figured that out.
 'Patriot'? What does that mean? '  'The ownership disqualifies it...' is what answers that. Levant is Jewish and 'patriot' is code for neo-nazi et al.
If they're silent, they're not giving scandal, are they?  But that really wasn't your point.  I think you just wanted to remark that some priests and religious might be gay...  ..and being gay, of course (although you neglect to mention it) is NOT reason to deny a public funeral.
This is the new age Canada now, workers rights have been eroding rapidly.  Consider having a sex change, claim to be homosexual/lesbian or develop some deviant mental disorder if you want any type of workplace protection - sorry folks, I'm dead serious on this one.
Fr. Martin is becoming Moses-like.  Pinning the snake of homosexuality and mounting it high on a pole.  Bringing it out of the darkness of unconscious fear.
Of course transgendered people could be a risk, as could anybody else.  Ask Edward Snowdon.   Linking sex to military security in the modern age is a huge stretch.  Blackmail is no longer particularly effective.
I'm more worried about my child sitting on a soiled (urine, feces, blood, etc) toilet seat than of a transgender person occupying same bathroom. Please get over yourselves.
What would happen if the U.S.A. simply backed out and let the Palestinians, other Muslims and Israel sort out their problems?   Why does the U.S. government think it has to support Israel?  Why does the U.S. government think it's so important  to support Israel?
Dalton McGuinty was a puppet of the teacher's unions.
Especially the United Way and it's member agencies!
Here is a thoughtful critique of the TV show in question from a trans blogger: https://sexdrugsmh.wordpress.com/2017/01/13/thoughts-on-transgender-kids-who-knows-best/
When the commander-in-chief says:  'After consultation with my Generals and military experts please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow Transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military' - I believe that technically makes the President himself the credible source.
You forgot gettingvthe sisters back into habits, getting sent to hell for a hot dog on Friday and all Catholics wearing at least one scapular 24/7.  Oh, and getting rid of girl altar boys.
When someone, especially an elected official uses their power to cause personal unrest to another individual or population by accusing them of being linked to Muslim terrorists, you've lost your right to free speech.  How's it feel to have your pants on backwards?
Free enterprise will always be with us
Typical of Ms Wente....just pick the data that supports her point and don't bother doing any more research or analytical work than she has to.
The league is asleep at the wheel. Either way, this was going to end up in court, so instead of having to deal with controversial transgender politics, they should have simply disqualified Beggs on the basis of her/him using a banned performance-enhancing substance.
You were just as much as females who couldn't become firefighters because of the physical requirements.
Ah yes, the liberal architects of the oil war in Afghanistan, security certificates, Maher Arar, torture, rendition, etc... How nice, they have something to say on how not to do it.
So Hitler was anti jew because he left alone 50 percent of the Jewish people in the world? The KKK isn't racist because they leave black people in Africa alone? You have a high bar for discrimination.
If it walks like a duck, quacks like a duck, chances are it’s a duck
YOU NEVER USE GOOGLE EARTH? DON'T USE GOOGLE. I GET ADS FOR TRIPS TO CUBA ALL THE TIME. AND OLD AGE HOMES. SO WHAT? YOU WANT THE INTERNET TO COST NOTHING? THERE MUST BE ADS.
Reagan wasn't arguing for an absence of government - but the belief by the left that the government should control every aspect of your life.
I'm 'avoiding facing the truth'. Someday, people like me will be assembled in stadia to face the truth in great climate change rallies. There, Truth will be presented on a very large screen while we hail those who have saved the planet.
Trid, Many Muslims state that those who state that they are killing in the name of religion are using religion as a shield, not acting in the name of Islam.
If one can 'pray the gay away', then any sad cleric should be a few 'Our Father's and 'Hail Mary's away from bliss...
The BDS movement and the anti-Israel propaganda disseminated on our country's university campuses has unleashed the worst in people on the political left. The anti-Jewish bigots of the left feel emboldened as they hide behind the billowing skirts of Auntie-Semitism.
> If the Holy Spirit has been so assiduous in guiding the Church, then either the Holy Spirit is really bad at it or else has a very nasty sense of humor.  Please give an instance in which the Holy Spirit has lead the Church astray.
Accurate headline, Yes they are up against the same obstacle - Catholicism!
And what is fair share? Who are you to tell others what is fair and what is not? Typical liberal.
So you approve of homophobia, dishonesty and misogyny in the Catholic Church, and this is what the people who run should be standing for? You think that 'pray, pay and obey' is the sole job of the laity?
Demographics would like to differ and tv ratings. Majority of blacks, Chinese, Jews and Flippinos prefer Basketball. These groups combined together represent a powerful force in demographics and  finance.
According to Trump's logic, blacks should share the blame for slavery, Jews should take responsibility for the holocaust and the protesters who were run over by the vehicle are guilty of damaging the car.
No, I'm showing the weakness of your position. You know that to argue against the transabled mutilating their bodies is to argue against the transgendered doing the same thing.
Right on.Free these journalists only doing their job as journalists. But both the Harper and Obama administrations have hailed the Egyptian dictatorship as a 'return to stability'.
There be no time for warning sirens when the Islam/Muslim fanatics steps out of their Trojan Horse and starts the slaughter in the name of Allah! yelling: Allahu Akbar!
No, they just give Islam a pass and they will again for this latest attack carried out in the name of Islam .
ya but how many Gay Parades has Trump been to.
Oh yes, the time of the Crusades was very secular and Democratic!
How nice! whiskycharlie crawled out the the cesspool to post.
uh... "thoughtful"? when she didn't even bother to read the book?
What about the Establishment Clause leads you to think Trump has the constitutional right to ban Muslims? (which is what the order is)
Yes. 'Intrinsically disordered' is an insult thrown at gays to prove that the institutional Church has rejected them.
No I'm only obsessed with the Jewish holocast let's get forget about it  Your a loser  No that's bullying  Go cry baby Go to a real college and gain an intellect
Most of what I've seen in OCP's publications is not what I would call .... Music fit for a King.  Exactly who are we trying to please here, yourselves  or the Lord. Garbage, Garbage, Garbage. No wonder Catholics can't  or won't sing.
Could Pius XII have done more? Perhaps. He did take action to the Jews of Rome, though he made no public statement.
what blows my mind is how black slaves adopted the religion of white European slave owners, and abandoned their African American religion/culture. As the son of a Native American I have been baffled by members of my family who adopted Christianity that tried to genocide Native Americans.
These transgender folks have a method to their madness.  They want the government to pay fo their body alteration.  The costs of this type of operation is costly and they feel the tax payers  should pay for it
Glbalsoul, you need to research Agenda 21 (Sustainable Development) because that's the global geo-strategy you are so misinformed about. I'm willing to bet that your first instinct after this is that I'm a Harper supporter, right? Get informed!
and your post take first prize for absurdity.
Passer - if they have commitment they will become citizens. Simple. You show commitment by becoming a citizen.
David-G2-regardless, it's the government that set the rules. There's no way the IESO would want anything to do with pain in the neck solar and wind if it was up to them.
In some circles, Christianity for example, a death in a dysfunctional society diminishes me as much as a death in a peaceful, prosperous society.
I recall Iggy's eloquent dialogue about how the Liberals are like Puffins who clean up after themselves by burying their skat. Harper's pooping puffin hate ad will go down in history along with the Liberals soldiers in the streets classic.
If Scaramucci is indeed a good Catholic (Christian), then I must be on the road to sainthood.
When are Indians going to join the American Tribe and stop whining about the past?  Jews have a similar or worse past yet seek to integrate not segregate themselves .
All forms of hate needs to be eliminated. All forms of racism, Islamophobia, Homophobia, anti-semitism and laws discriminating against Transgenders. We need to get behind Justin, Obama, Hillary and Premier Wynne and fight all forms of hate!
What is Harper afraid of ? Let the prisoner speak. He was a kid when he killed the American man in military uniform in the heat of battle. They were both enemy combatants.
The Bible makes minces no words--slavery is okay, so is stoning homosexuals, and committing genocide. The only false equivalence is your brain.
Why would anyone allow publicly-funded Catholic schools to promulgate  the church’s perverse and dangerous views on sex?
I think both camps have been strengthened. However, I seriously hope it won't go the way like American politics, where you'll have 45% going very hard one way, 45% very hard the other way, and 10% kind of wishy washy.
What does this have to do with the corruption talked about in the article?  Are you saying that the entire US Navy has been corrupt since 1967?  Why do you hate Jews because of what President Johnson did?  Was he Jewish?
My, my.  I bet you kill other living creatures as well. You're really bloodthirsty. A typical arrogant human predator. The worst of the worst. Hitler used the same 'reasoning,' lies, biases and hate in his quest to eliminate the 'vermin' Jews. You're a lot like him.
Agreed. A parade of self-loathing gay people, ephebophiles, gay rights advocates plus MSW and Andrew Sullivan does not an argument make.
I agree with the sentiment and the respect shown. And it maybe notable that two of the three national Leaders are Montrealers.
An Islamist?  What a shock.  I thought it was an American angry white guy.  Our spud Junior has hatched the same future for Canada by allowing in 35,000(!!!) Syrian 'refugees' without proper vetting.
No we didn't. A fresh platform, new ideas. The same old same old would be austerity, for instance. Lots of new faces in among the seasoned veterans and an smart, tough, energetic, kind-hearted, optimistic leader who has proven himself truly worthy.
Who cares?  She didn't win because she was transgender, she won because she '...focused on jobs, schools and, with particular fervour, northern Virginia's traffic congestion.'  Politics is a contest of ideas, the best of which have nothing to do with what's between your legs...
It is not headscarf.  It is the philosophy of subjugation of women (four wives, genital mutilation, unfair inheritance), hatred against homosexuals, and despising secularism..
David Thomson and Galen Weston Sr. And all along we get told by anti-Semites and their ilk that wealth is a  Jewish attribute.
Free Speech. No to M-103.  Stop spreading of Islam in Canada. Stop converting Canada into an Islamic country.  Limit Muslim Immigrants into Canada. Limit Mosques in Canada.
No, just Diversity. It's all he thinks about: Diversity, Diversity, Diversity, the answer to everything.
RD, so anyone who disagrees with you is 'slope headed?'  I haven't seen the geometry of your noggin, but, what ever it is, it hasn't helped you make logical, honest, or Christian posts.
This is a great example of how badly catechized too many Catholics are.   And yet it doesn't slow their typing.    A 'liturgist'.
Your prejudice is showing. Rather blatently. And perhaps you need to search the net before making statements. A Google search of John Hopkins and transgendered surgery states that as of last year, starting a program for transgender surgery. I guess they don't agree anymore with Dr.McHugh.
If they feel hurt by it, why do they keep on doing it? Is peer pressure actually that overwhelming that it turns off the brain?
Name one Islamic country where gays can live as freely as they do in Western countries... including the ones with large 'evangelical' populations and I'll call you a liar.
Transgendered need treatment, NOT political correctness.  No matter how hard you want to be to be a male…after operation after operation…and what your family and friends do to collude with your fantasy....if your DNA says, female, you are FEMALE!
The world just laughs at Vancouver
Harper is dismantling the peace, order and good government that once was, he is guaranteeing that the left can never put it back together without natural resources extraction. Harper is very much remembering his base.
How wrong art thou? Let me count the ways:  (1) Qur'an doesn't order Muslims to kill people on the basis of belief (2) Qur'an says nothing about 72 virgins (3) Dismissing a book you haven't read as 'evil' without reading it--you clearly haven't read it--is stupid.
No.Not according to Obama himself, the Pentagon spokesman and John Kerry. But perhaps you have quotes from them to the contrary that support your absurd contention that you can share with us?
And Strom Thurmond fathered a child at age 22 with a 17-year-old black girl.....and yet most would still consider him a racist.    Besides, it is possible to have no racist tendencies towards Jews and yet still look down at blacks.
You've asked for another office to be set up.  How nice.  Let us know when that happens.  Some Catholics are young enough they might still be alive and even give a d***.
Right next to the part that says gays and lesbians can marry.  And right next to the part that says the word 'Penalty' means 'Tax' in Obamacare.
Absolute nonsense.  Where do you get this stuff? Trump has as much to do with White Supremacy  as Obama with radical Islamic terrorists.
The PM's role is leadership, not facilitation and not equivocation. His father understood that. Pierre cared not a whit what his critics thought. You may not have agreed with him, but no one doubted he was in charge.
The time has come to profile in London as well as the United States.  Israel has been profiling for years and the incidents of terrorism has dropped significantly.  The Muslim ban must take place until they can be vetted properly and carefully.  It's just common sense.
Cassandra: Now that you are mocked in the Trudeau stories, I see that you are hanging out with your second love i.e. jew bashing
You can put lipstick on a pig, but it's still a pig. And boy, is there ever a lot of lipstick on that pig! And rouge... And foundation... And hairspray. Even Carrot Top points at Harpo and laughs.
Take away his security clearance. Fraud and lying was used to.obtain it. He should go back to slum lording business. Does not belong in WH staff. NO,absolutely NO diplomatic experience.  Oh wait,he Jew.
Which is why we shouldn't give this right to any state. A government will always act in its own self interest.
All form of hate need to be eliminated racism, homophobia, Islamophobia, Anti-Semitism, discrimination against Transgenders. We must get behind Justin, Obama, Hillary and Premier Wynne and fight Trump and this racist Quebec law!
gender inequality, intolerance,'You espouse these views yourself, whenever the topic of gay rights comes up.Kinda makes you look like an idiot, defending intolerance then supporting it.
Any republican claiming the moral high ground because they oppose gay marriage and abortion should be reminded that they voted for a man who bragged about grabbing women by their pu$$ies and whose wife has posed naked for a lesbian photo shoot!
SNC lobbied the Prime Minister, the Prime Minister pressured the Attorney General. The Attorney General said no. The Prime Minister removed this Attorney General. Enough of this political Mumbo jumbo.
So Hilary accepting millions from countries that still stone women to death, and kill people who are gay is acceptable? Again who is the whore in the house?
Aren't Porta Potties transgender?
The only thing I'm worried about is if Malina goes home too early will tRump keep his hands to himself and not be grabbing under the table, or shoving his uncontrollable appetite into the women's bathroom.  Hey, he might get ahold of a transgender.
And how is your covenant of marriage ruined by the existence of gay marriage? Please elaborate on your persecution and oppression.
Do the one million GOVERNMENT WORKERS care? They delude themselves that they saved 100, 000 jobs from cuts If Wynne cannot decide to cut the credit ratings agencies, creditors and lenders will decide for her And it will hurt more when they do it
That was ...... gay lol what are you woot wooting about???? Find some candy in your pocket?
I did not write the Gospel.  Take it up with God.  I could state a person who suffers sexual attraction to children is nature, not choice and love is a right of nature.
The RCC is simply an institution bent on profit and power.'  There is a special place for those who malign the Church that Catholics hold dear, and a special ignominy in being once a Father of Church and saying such things.
No but it is funny that the Islamic terrorists are for the most part right wing followers.  They are conservatives.  Fact.
No matter what party each of us is from, no matter whether you agree or disagree with the nannies issue, can we all, together, please focus on important issues? There are so many, let's pick one and start working as a proud nation.
It's not just at the college campuses. How many newspapers are shutting down their comments section? How many comments are eliminated even though the comment makes no threat of harm.
You mean it was Richard's venue.
If my memory serves me well, it wasn't even legal back then when this happened for homosexuals to marry.
I think the biggest gay concentration is in Toronto not Montreal but that doesn't matter,because in Justinians mind doesn't concentrate on the foul taste in his mouth just take a deep breath and savor the sacrifice for the win.
Aw the child porn lovers come out to defend Flanagan, how touching..
Voting for Hillary and being Catholic is an oxymoron .  Abortion is an abomination in the eyes of God.
All things are equal to all others'- you agree with that, you shouldn't even have children
Meanwhile, on the military transgender front...
What was it Jesus said to 11 other men again? - 'You will all lose faith.' Those 11 went on to show themselves to be weak, cowards, unbelievers and..... the greatest saints of our Church.  'Can anything good come out of.... Germany?'
Another conservative family-values politician goes down again.  Interesting how almost all of these conservative family-values people eventually get caught with their pants down.  At least  he was  only a Baptist Deacon and not a Catholic priest or Catholic Bishop sexually molesting innocent little boys.
Back to the Supreme Court of Canada. The judge was correct. Make the Catholics pay for their own faith-based religucation.
Trump’s Navy Secretary On Transgender Troops: ‘Any Patriot’ Should Serve
...Trump's hateful ban of transgender troops weakens our nation...'  1st, his ban wasn't 'hateful'.  2nd, his ban strengthens our Military. 3rd, what the ban does weaken was the damage Barack Hussein Obama's hatred of our Military wrought.
There is no proof that this is the alt right.  It is equally possible that it is the  alt left.  Both groups hate jews. Furthermore, the latter hates Trump and would be happy to set him up for responsibility..
This is like those folks who disown any of their fellow religionists who get caught doing something wrong as 'not real Christians.'
You'd feel safer in Afghanistan or Iraq or Pakistan than in Kansas?  The Vegas shooter was motivated by Christianity?   Or was Dylan Roof?  Just stop.   There is no Christian extremist movement on a crusade of killing people.
ZayWhat, No harm to society as a result of open use of pot. But slow death for an economy based on slave wages.
Lesbians can only get pregnant with help from a MAN. You know, like one man - one woman?
Hahahaha, you're quoting a right-wing Republican vice-president forced to resign in disgrace.     And stayed in disgrace: 'In 1976, he briefly reentered the public spotlight and engendered controversy with what Gerald Ford publicly criticized as 'unsavory remarks about Jews'.'
Ya that 60% efficacy rate (at best, most years, slightly higher this year) will do wonders to keep everyone safe. I'm in favor of the flu shot for most, but nowhere near stupid enough to believe that it keeps me, and everyone around me, safe
dome:  You are describing a he/she or she/he or Trans something.
Another minion of Satan. Bergoglio (Lord Of Flies) Continues his usurpation. All who help the anti-Christ who currently occupies Saint Peter's throne, will answer for this blasphemy.  Repent or be damned.   in nomine eius
Why would the daughter of a draft dodger, who has just slapped the face of every serving American transgendered person be chosen for a ceremonial task of honour?  Time to for the government to remove her from the guest list.
Those pharisees said Jesus was a cafeteria Jew.   I don't know why, cause  Jewish food is delicious (except that gefilte fish, oy gevalt, it's shreklekh).
Cannabis has been used to treat addiction to hard drugs -- might work for Nicholson and Toews as well ... we could only hope.
GDP grew during the financial melt down of 2008 and onwards? Now who's drinking the coolaid.
Target still hasnt recovered since their stock tanked after implementing their store's gun free status, and Obama's transgender bathroom nonsense.  How could this 'news story' ignore that 10,000 pound elephant in the room?
Anti Muslim name????? How exactly is defending France against invading moors in 729AD 'Anti Muslim'?
If Trump's goal was to ban all Muslims, why does his executive order apply to only 1% of the Muslims in the world?
More treacherous than Nixon?  Yet, the outgoing tyrant called white, christian, conservative a domestic terror threat.  Hey, Berstein, GPS!
Canada was established on Biblical principles.
What Quebec wants is Chinese immigrants who drop off half a $-million on their way to Vancouver.
True, we can just ask gays their experience and then trust them when they provide it. Sexual morality is for them, not for God. What bothers you more is not their morality but the public authority of the Church hierarchy, which God does not care about.
OH NO! The snowflakes will have to pay for their education of black studies, women's studies and transgender studies! Oh the humanity!  The good news is that a degree in transgender studies will ABSOLUTELY help you get into a profession paying $150K year.
Gay rights are more than marriage. But yes, if you are against gay marriage, you're a bigot. And you are a bigot. Roskell.
Ad absurdum much? 6 million Jews, not arguable. 6 billion sperm? very arguable.
Great writing. As an ex parrot... er.. christian - it's good to hear of good sense in amongst the adoring patness.
I think the G&M gets these 'articles' for free - and the authors thereby obtain a soap box for their pet diatribes, mostly uninformed !
Such clubs fan the spirit of victimhood and nurse self-focus.  Never a good thing to do.  I can't see St Maximilian Kolbe (feast day today) starting a club in Auschwitz for 'condemning the bigots' who gassed the Jews and himself.  Instead, he used all of his time very well...serving others.   Argument emptied.
Funny, no parliamentary motion to quell the Quebec imam who preaches for the extermination of the 'accursed Jews.'
Star_Chaser - 'The most bigoted people I have seen here are the Harper haters.'Just like Israelis and Jews who oppose the policies of the Israeli government are 'anti-Semites'? Your attempts to criminalize political opinion are pathetic.
Canadians won't be in a position to say 'we have made amends' for at least a generation AFTER the government has demonstrated it is treating aboriginal people with respect. That has only just started after a decade of going backwards.
Which military commander is saying that transsexuals are good for the military?  Name one.
A 'post-American era'--what is Hillary a secret Muslim like Obama?
Let me get their logic straight: Jesus was a pedophile, so it's ok for Roy Moore to be a pedophile?  Wow.  Just wow.
Pizi It makes no sense to occupy a strip of land partially occupied by and surrounded by your enemies. Nothing to do with ownership of the land.  If Jews bought Palestine, their reception would be the same. It makes no sense to..........................
CDNWorker writes: 'Honesty and integrity do matter.'=============The recent Ontario election demonstrated that these two things are not particularly high on the list of voter concerns.
I could also ask why left-wing Catholics supported an amoral philanderer conman like Bill Clinton.
forwhatisworth, When these people started 50 years ago to want to kill all Jews and continue to think like that instead of negotiating a settlement they deserve what they have. Terrorists are terrorists and desrve to live in ruins.
Yippee! And the point of this is what exactly? To trivialize homosexuality even further? I'm thinking opening the first all-gay lawn care service. That will make me 'courageous'!
So the children graduating from Catholic Schools have actual knowledge that the Catholics Imaginary Supernatural buddy is a fraud and public School Grads do not?  Private Schools do better because they can refuse or expel problem students, or ones that require more resources.
Russians didnt like Hilary Clinton, Israelis hated Obama (Bibis government) Both Russians and Israelis meddled in the election. But everyone is very quiet about the Israelis. Putin and Bibi hooked up last week never mentioned in mainstream media. I guess being Jewish has its privileges !
How about the rights of working Canadians who pay $14 BILLION a year in funding they get with no accountability?
No, he's not proTrump, but only because Trump is anti-Muslim. And unless you're a Muslim, Minshall has no use for you.
sorta like the anti infidel hate practiced by the Muslims.
When it calls me a 'rag-head' I disagree.  Guess since it's a tranny should be OK for me to punch it out without being accused of 'hitting a woman'...
Neither is Bernie, but Bernie is also trusted by the people.
Baloney! Separate school boards in Alberta feature prayers and Catholic religious courses. Holidays at Christmas and Easter are Christian celebrations. You'd do better to hide your prejudices and keep your shallow thoughts to yourself.
We need a cohesive plan to get paid for our resources in cash in envelopes.
Your equalization money.
Can you provide proof that the number of reported hate crimes against jews has been falling?
Not like the right wing was obsessed for 8 years with the secret-Muslim, non-American, baby-killing Obama, no?
Check the FBI and CIA sites for information on the religious affiliations of terrorist groups. There are definitely Christian-affiliated (self-identified as Christians) terrorists.
What trash, Tridentinus!  There are many who leave the Church for other very important reasons, the sex abuse cesspool for example.  Your rigidity reflects something entirely different from the Church of the Gospels.
Your post is very short-sighted and uneducated......trans-gender restrooms has got to be just as important to the council.
Right on! Each time Harper opens his mouth, I?m reminded of, ?I did not have sex with that woman,? and ?It?s not a crime, when the president does it.?
Get ready for more of this nonsense.  Once transgendered rights are elevated to the point of disallowing any thoughtful criticism, the lunatics will use their new found powers in ways that make 'self serving' an understatement to say the least.
don't shoot the messenger Skeptical - if you all you have is insults and abuse, you have as much as admitted you don't have a position you can defend and the other right.
He'd feel as safe as he did in the broom closet.
Perhaps if you avoided hard liquor this early in the day, that may make a difference in how you approach the subject matter?
Fair points on Adams and Blair.
You look into people's eyes
Of course, Naomi Klein's not arguing we should force the third world to pay for emissions reductions, but keep tilting at that windmill Ms. Wente.
Jewish fundamentalists (Haredim) in Israel would prefer a rabbinate rather than democracy- a Jewish version of Sharia law.
Another, Want to ease the suffering of your working life? Don't suck up to your corrupt corporate employers and don't kick down on ordinary working folks.
According to the author, to be in favour of human rights and against occupation and colonisation is 'pro Palestinian'. So logically support for Israel is........
Gee....when I bought a house in Anchorage in 1980 I thought I'd moved to Alaska.  Searched through your link.  Didn't find a reference to 'sex', or 'gender', or even the part word 'trans'.
RD, wrong again.  Obama's was an effort to revet people from a country known to have terrorists.  Trump's is a ban on people from countries that just happen to be Muslim and where Trump has no business dealings.
In fact, most people interpret what the CDF said as meaning that homosexuals are 'intrinsically disordered'. Homosexuals do almost unanimously.
I suppose that white men might also be transgendered so...
Ask Marshall, the loser. His campaign went negative or Roem being a transgender woman. Ask Trump why he wants to throw all transgender people out of the military. Ask the 'family values' crowd, they equate being transgender with being a sex offender.
lies-vast majority of Christians support ay marriage
I think you'd get better luck with dogs! At lease they have loyalty.
Hey my fellow Christian person, I'm happy to pay for healthcare like Jesus commanded us as soon as we make abortion illegal and outlaw homosexuality. Oh yeah I forgot this isn't a Christian nation unless it's convenient to commies.
True. Unless of course the skinhead said he was gay. Then it's bake baker bake. The Little Guy
Not a cent....period.....sadly our rather stealthy government will probably funnel money to this and hope no one finds out, just like Khadr, just like bringing in the Gays secretly.
You yourself hate Western principles. What's your opinion on gay rights? If your comments on here are any indication, exactly the same as the Muslim point of view!
If the Holy See quietly vetoed a homosexual representative, then why do they appear to be willing to work with a heterosexual mistress & her adulterous spouse?? Could it be all that GOP friendly K of C money??
Another arch Liberal blames someone else for his hate speech. It's not unlike Hillary blaming the women her husband abused. Or Barack Obama  when he blamed White people for Black crime, or when he blamed Americans for Muslim terror.
Lots of so-called Christian suckers. The same people who give to these hucksters vote for Trump and believe his lies.  As Lincoln said, in a woderful euphamism for fools, 'You can fool some of the people all of the time.'
I'll bet you were first in line to decry obomba mandated transgender bathrooms.
Pathetic to hear you think Christ died to end poverty; pathetic to hear you mock the idea that he came to save souls.
So the Church employee was fired for entering a gay marriage.  You expect the Church to continue to employ someone whose conduct is in the face of the Church's significant moral teaching?  Why should it?
Not even a tenth of one percent of students are transgendered.  D I S T R A C T I O N
Ah. The gays are threatening your straightitude, huh? Your neighbour, mowing his lawn shirtless, makes you question your life choices?  Maybe you should seek out Mike 'Get out of my uterus' Pence for his conversion therapy.
I hope that this will be a good time to move away from only victims of Catholic priest predators and include other ministers, school teachers, scout leaders, coaches, and others in positions of trust and authority who have abused children in their care.
Known for his controversial views, Drollinger has said of Catholicism: 'It's the world's largest false religion.'  Christiantoday.com  Catholics who jump in bed with fundamentalists might just be really, really deceiving themselves.
a catholic priest molested children?  Surprise, surprise, surprise.
So the transgender members of the military in other countries have never fought and died  for freedom in the name of their country.
It is a human rights issue for the  'Human' fetus.   It is synonymous with the Nazis sterilizing Jews.
Jews breathing in Israel 'upsets the Arabs'. Women serving in the IDF 'upsets the Arabs'.  It's time either some people put their adult pants on and stopped being upset, or the rest of us just ignored their constant offense and rage
The Church is now in a full-blown civil war over doctrine.'  A headline from a Catholic paper not pron to hyperbole or click-baiting.  http://www.catholicherald.co.uk/commentandblogs/2017/02/15/the-church-is-now-in-a-full-blown-civil-war-over-doctrine/
I loved that line from Powells email pointing out ho her Hubris touched everything she did, and messed everything she touched. And he was a supporter!
Get with the times, Pal! Russia, non-Communist, is our ALLY in fighting ISIS, unless, of course, you are a proponent of innocent severed heads. Why don't you extol the Catholic virtues of faith, hope, & CHARITY!
I see that you, Motley, care more about semantics than facts. You can always find an angle that justifies white racism. You would make a 'good German'. They never asked where the Jews disappeared to.
Both Climaxica and colin7 are right. Faith and fantasy feed the soul. Science and the reality of mortality feed the brain.
So, you feel that WORKING FOR the people running the death camps which were killing communists, Russians, Jews and other undesirables was preferable to STOPPING those deathcamps from committing even more war crimes and mass murder? With friends like you, Freeland needs no enemies.
In the interest of 'firsts' and political correctness, I won't be satisfied until we get Hawaii's first transgender Tongan-Vietnamese midget as police chief.   Hiring a regular white woman is such a huge disappointment.
Typical Marxist Pfleger. Has he ever sought the conversion of any non Catholics to the one true faith. The 'violence' of damnation is far worse that that which the gun or knife can inflict.
What happens when transgendered people go off their hormones? How does that affect their fitness for active duty?
Gay promiscuity and fornication is wrong, which is why, because some kind of sex is moral for them because they are differently ordered, not disordered, the Church should offer a marriage right, or rather reinstate the one it had in honor of Bacchus and Sergio.
I have herd of bone heads but those that oppose Trump's desire to stop Islam should take not f the following and please put a cork in your poorly educated brains DO A STUDY OF ISLAM FIRST !  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=axe_NcIEfsU  http://jesus-is-savior.com/False%20Religions/Islamic%20Muslim/islam_exposed.htm  http://www.informafrica.com/afrikan-consciousness/religious-slavery/exposing-islam-religion-the-quran-and-barbaric-muhammad/  http://www.exposingchrislam.com/  Deception  http://www.meforum.org/2095/islams-doctrines-of-deception  http://islammonitor.org/index.php?option=com_content&id=4394:great-lies
Ghetto Hill doesn't realize that Trump has a Jewish son in law, convert daughter and Jewish grandchildren. Also a black friend named Dr. Ben Carson. Not the traits of a white supremacist bigot.
They are in this case - do you seriously think that only religious rights are at stake here?  In fact, that was the concern - Christian intervenors allowed, LGBTQ, not so much.
how would a gun registry have prevented attacks by these muslims ?
Agree.  Can't see what all the fuss is about having a gay scene and gay character.  Especially when the main theme of the movie is beastiality.
Breaking News:  Donald Trump opens fire on 5th Avenue--several wounded; in a strong show of support, pro-life Catholics rapidly come to his aid.
Maybe you should try using water bombers instead of F18s...
If this woman was black or brown and a Muslim the jury and the courts would impose an immediate, maximum sentence.
So what are you proposing - other than more flooded basements.
That’s racist, xenophobic, islamophobic. That’s the extent of debate from you and your ilk. I’ll now gladly just call you mentally retarded and move on to someone with the intelligence to Debate in the first place. That’s what happened to debate.
Oh Yes - The Media IS FILLED with account of Christian Terrorists blowing up planes, people, launching Jihad etc. etc. etc....While we are at it, PLEASE share some stories of Christian Polygamists and Beastiality as well....Yes, that is what we thought.
Well said, Heckler!  And I believe you are on to something important: whatever difference there may have been in the past between a murdering, marauding Muslim extremist and a murdering, marauding Democrat Party extremist now would appear to be approaching the vanishing point.
It'll deteriorate, as it already appears to have done, into usual Catholic cultish 'Religious freedom for Me but not for thee.'
You must think it is un-Christian to carry a gun.  But when did Christ say it's impermissible to kill in self-defense or defense of a third party?  He didn't.  In fact, the Catechism correctly says that such self-defense is a duty.
Come in your car, come on the bus, crawl out of your box, every tranny, woman, and cisgendered male has a claim on the impeachment of this fool!  Just bring your own hypodermic needles
Maybe Muslims should consider their plight in today's world and realize that they are a foul philosophy and should change there ways and stand up and denounce the killings and atrocities of their own doing first....Just do not like the crap they are spreading in the world...
Trump is under the opinion that transgender 'bathroom rights'  is an issue to be regulated at the state, not federal, level which I believe to be correct. The Feds have many issues to confront, where a child goes to tinkle at school shouldn't be one of them.
SO MUCH PROPAGANDA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Even the NyTimes reported how Soros and Clinton-financing Soros funded these marches, the man who was a Nazi Collaborator who saw his 'fellow' jews get sent off to the ovens. He is insane, mad and driving much of this madness to overthrow actual democracy.
Change it to Jew hating crowd then you cannot evade what I mean.  What a dopey reply.  'Antisemitism (also spelled anti-Semitism or anti-semitism) is hostility, prejudice, or discrimination against Jews. A person who holds such positions is called an antisemite.'
You have my respect and thanks. (Oncologist in Ontario)
The truth is that Roman Catholics and Protestants have more in common theologically than they have differences; this needs affirmation and celebration. The differences are predominantly (if not only) ecclesiological. It is ridiculous to allow ecclesiology to dictate relationships...at any level.
Hirono, who serves on the Senate Armed Services Committee, said, 'Transgender Americans serve our country with honor and distinction.''  And their names are???..........
Supplemented by the Jewish truck drivers attacking Christmass parties
White Catholics were very narrowly in favor, 50 percent-49 percent.' How wonderful!  Really something to be proud of -- in the true tradition of Jesus who always said that those who worship differently ought to be cast out.
You fail to mention Ruse is listed by SPLC for just this type of behavior and actually much wirse, including stalking gay bloggers to leave obscene comments. What Ruse did with Martin is mild. Ruse is totally obsessed with gays.
Why would the smiling, lying, Christian crusader Mike Pence need a lawyer for...............for lying?
What does the Church's TEACHING authority have to do with pedophilia? The 'sex abuse problem' has nothing to do with 'clerical control' other than the lavender mafia admitting far too many homosexuals into seminary.
No mention of the religion that preaches hatred of Jews in their places of worship.
>> But they didn't kill the Jews by the thousands or millions  They didn't? What kind of 'Hindustan' math are you using?
Right. A racist, sexist, bigoted, adulterous liar of a president should be supported, and those who voted for him praised.  Previous conservative presidents at least gave lip service to their Christianity. Do you really see Trump doing even that?
You have to admit the man is two faced. Witness the Alberta comments. He is above personal embarrassment.
Ontario Liberals are not BC Liberals.
Looking forward to Russell's next installment, which will mock Jews, suggest watermelon spritzers for the next BLM activity, and feature a picture of him making slanty eyes while standing in front of a statue of Buddha.
Does the Catholic Church force nuns to wear uniform, and don't they force nuns and priests into celibacy.  To me that is more repressive!
If the Nazis are eliminated then the Jews are OK.
The financial sink hole of the UN makes the Wynne Government look positively Thatcherite in its austerity.
Political power has been restored to its natural place: Central Canada.' Ugh. What a load of rubbish. Mason, in what world is that kind of attitude acceptable?
Re: 'People who claim to care about spreading hate in the name of religion are remarkably silent when hate is spread in the name of Allah.'  No more nor less so than they are remarkably silent when hate is spread in the name of the Christian God.
I thought he had. Did he not say he felt that Canada would be more helpful as the coalition partner that would help the refugees in the camps?
where did he blame the victims?  He's blaming a clash of ideologies and cultures.  The victims were individuals, not a culture. . although I suspect you would blame western culture for fostering an environment that leads to muslim terrorism Alceste.  Am I wrong?
Once upon a time, America ignored the slaughter of Jews. Once upon a time, America put Americans in concentration camps. In the present, America is supplying the illegal drug demand that fuels the killing and violence South o our border. In the present, America is the force causing the violence.
McHale, since you are in schism with the Roman Catholic Church, how do you reconcile that with your extreme interpretation of extra ecclesia nulla salus? You are proclaiming that you, yourself, are damned.
thats literally just a fancy way of saying 'muh women rights'
Malcolm:  We know that a 'lemon party' is an Orgy for old gay men.  I'm old, heterosexual, and seldom go to any parties.  I've flagged this post as a crude, ad hominem attack.  Gary Crum
They are Muslims.  Trump sees them as people with no worth.
There is no logical argument for outing gay teenagers and there is no logical argument for withholding factual information related to sexual health and wellness.  The UCP are revealing themselves as a group of anti-science dinosaurs hiding behind out dated religious concepts.
Super fakey bigot racist sexist 'christians' dont like to think too hard or deep ...
Oh me oh my THE SKY IS FALLING THE SKY IS FALLING! Watch out for Andrew Scheer! btw how can he ruin our country since Turdeau already has.
It would be fair enough to do so if large numbers young non-Muslim French men started saying they were there to 'die for Jesus' or the Napoleonic Code while committing crimes.
I would presume this move is to stop the transgender from joining the military for paid sex changes on the public dime.
dear scottd  Pride gets public funding for gay pride and gay rights  yet allows non-gay politics to march like Queers against Israeli Apartheid and Black Lives Matter  is this not incompetence? using public money for purposes the money was not intended for
That's all baloney nicky/truthhurts/retiree. You have no proof for any of that. You also need to watch your mouth with the insults. Oh, and try going back to public school to see if you can finish this time.
Pass the salt and pepper please. Democrats like road kill too, kaine threw himself under the bus by signing on with the witch. Debbie Was A Man, transgender meat ala cart.  Bon a petit
Obviously it must have been Martians who gave him a majority government.
Climatism is a religion with amazing similarities to Catholicism. It has original sin, fires of purgatory, the flood, pestilence and the plague of locusts, sinners, sin and repentance, redemption, guilt and forgiveness, indulgences, incantations, hypocritical priests, agnostics, faithful and the unfaithful.
A ridiculous article.  ...'it was an existential attack on the entire LGBTQ community, particularly gay people of color.' Ohhh Pleeease!   As  Xavier_Malcolm stated: '...we’re not buying into the drama of the BLT-GQ pity party.'
Direct Quote: And Spencer made it clear that white-only means Jews aren’t invited. They have their own identity, and it isn’t white-slash-European, and that’s that.  “Jews are Jews,” he said.
It's cardo212. You get real with your crazy, paranoid views about transgender people serving in the military, the ACA, and the Paris Agreement.
Having spent time in a number of Muslim countries please allow me to add to that:  For Muslims 'It's ALWAYS someone else's fault'.
And when justice is done, we must accept it. Whether we like it or not, even you Zoe101
Inspiring!! First transgendered woman in the pagent!
The police do need evidence of the motivation other than the victim being transgender. The evidence is not in this article so nobody can judge the police's motive from just reading this. Motivation is also hard to come by and is not needed in a clear cut murder case.
why does this old hag of a writer hate visible minorities? Her columns are reliable for taking cheap shots at marginalised groups. Try attacking the Jews in the same fashion and see what happens.
I wonder if Ms. Kinworthy would find it 'educated and reasonable' for the ASAA to adopt the NCAA's policy regarding transgender athletes participation?
Is the author suggesting that it is OK to align with the  USA that has invaded Iraq, Afghanistan, and drone attacked Pakistan and Yemen etc and a new president who has very racist views on Mexicans and Muslims.
If a poll were taken of most black people and most gay people, the police would be welcomed. A tiny minority of hardcore black racists like BLM Toronto should not be running our city.
Was the Jewish community invited to send representatives to this conference?  If not, they should have been.
Complete disdain and hatred towards Canadians born in Canada WHERE IS YOUR EMPATHY FOR US! NOWHERE BECAUSE ISLAM DOMINATES AND CONTROLS OTHERS THROUGH RAPE AND MURDER, A FASCIST IDEOLOGY!
For all the issues that divide Americans and Canadians, there is one thing that both these countries can agree upon, and it is this. Tory times are indeed sorry times.
You invite a guy into your house and you don't know he's Jewish? You just met him at the mall?
I remember in Canada it was not a civilized discussion, but rather rearguard action. The anti-marriage side didn't want civil unions either, until it looked like gay marriage was coming in, and then proposed civil unions as a 'compromise'.
Everyone should be upset with the little potato doper and his billions blown on Communist Chinese 'schmoozing' and flooding the country with Muslims that no one asked for or voted on. But no money for the health care system and citizens in need.Pathetic!
Our best friends are democracies and among those Britain, Australia, New Zealand and United States (sans Trump) stand out, still.
When asked if he were a Muslim, the son should have replied: I am an American, my religion is none of your business.
By JewsJuice I meant the holy wine offered as blood sacrifice on the altar, as well as by McJesus bits I meant the flesh of Jesus in the form of little, round, baked waffle pieces.
"Canada is regarded as extremely well-governed ..." By whom?
What your weird hypothetical has to do with this election is a mystery.
You can be as angry and insulting as you like, but I will choose to obey God and demand that my church do the same.'  ...yet, American Christians are so incredibly hypocritically selective in obeying Gods word(s).
I fail to understand how calling God 'hir' insults trans people.
As a 'christian', super fakey 'believer' in the Flying Spaghetti Monster, do you ever wonder what the hot burn of HELL will feel like when you die ... ?!  Your voting record alone will put ya there ... since you 'believe'.
The best thing the Ontario Liberals have going for them is Tim Hudak, the master at campaigning for opposition leader.
Written like someone who has an all powerful protector to deal with the cares that every other country has to deal with on its own.
Fake news. Check other sources for what was really happening (see link below).  The protest was against  imams within the mosque preaching death to Jews and infidels.  http://www.therebel.media/the_other_side_of_the_toronto_mosque_protest
Jews dont have honour killings of women who don't cover their heads.
Steven - If it is not gay marriage or abortion, I would count of silence.
Dan - Fair enough.
The only troll is Azira herself, trolling for Islam and for western civilization's submission to the Koran. Her hijab is the sign she handed her fate to Allah. Giving up free will is just one thing Muslims ar expected to sacrifice for their religion.  3rd  posting.
He is no orator and no speech of his will go down in history... his delivery is stiff and halting and when TelePrompTerless he wanders off topic and makes remarks that he regrets later as he did after his red line in the sand speech.
Wrong. Oh, yeah, they're every-ready, to govern, alright, at the drop of a hat (or a writ) But the questions are: (1) Do they deserve to? (2) Are they able?
We don't need life without parole. We need the death penalty.
If Jesus intended to establish NO priesthood and did not--then there is no problem and no argument.  If Jesus established no priesthood and had nothing good to say about it, the problem isn't that the Church won't ordain women, but that the Church is ordaining men.
Orthodox Jewish women are not at risk of being stoned to death or drowned in their car driven off a cliff into a lake  if they disobey.
Last time I checked there wasn't any Jews shouting death to Americans
A nice Jewish lad... but no actually the 6 pointed star is associated with the Gangster Disciples and their affiliated gangs.
Agirl:  Congratulation.  You've sunken to a new low.  First you accuse President Obama of being a closet homosexual.  Then you belittle Michelle Obama as a 'cow.'  Have you no standards of decency?  Gary Crum
The many, many postings from the PMO here show their desperation. They're all over this editorial like they're cligning to a life raft.
Is it OK to call people homos?  Trump hasn't been sworn  in yet.  In any event, I would bet $100 on one of Trump's sons killing the last gorilla in the wild.  Just one more accomplishment for those swell guys.
I'm not surprised Barry got close to a guy making big donations.  Republicans would have done that too.  What is really telling are the close ties not associated with money.  Bobby Titcome and the tranny arrest?
....Shorten the track to citizenship for immigrants who agree to the same....'Similar programs already exist, and they simply do not work.
The face of evil, another super fakey 'christian' doing their best to cause harm here on earth ...   Her brother started Blackwater, nuf said.
Try rampant violence in the gay community....   https://www.lifesitenews.com/news/cdc-gay-lifestyle-fraught-with-violence  Try out of control disease in the gay community...
Empathy. Compassion. Intelligence.
Broglio 'backs transgender ban, but says human dignity must prevail'.    So he backs banning an entire group of human beings, albeit in a humane, dignified manner?!  Jeepers, they looked better fighting for glutenized hosts!  I'm so ashamed.  This is not a 'religion' worthy of supporting.
How many non-Muslims fear for safety ?  How many non-Muslim women fear to walk in some parts of European cities because of the clothes they wear ?
From the first comments on this thread saying there were too many muslims shown and mocking Trudeau's 'ramadan socks' to the latest claiming Trudeau spoke too long and too loud and disparaging 'teepee' comments - there sure are a lot of miserable people here on a long weekend.
Yes, yes, yes.  He is slandering his confreres and fellow Christians to build himself up.  '*I* am not like *those people*.  They criticize; I think you're good just the way you are...'  The age-old patter of chatlatans and womanizing cads, but applied to a different problem.
The burkini is not a political project'That's what you want people in Canada to believe. Europeans have finally woken up and know it is a political project. Segregated swimming pools for muslim women only are also part of the agenda.
And the next time a Christian (Dylann Roof, Robert Dear (the Planned Parenthood shooter) and so forth) decides to commit a terrorist act against innocent individuals lets not sugar coat it by claiming that they were simply 'deranged individuals' but lets call it what it is - terrorism
Oh no, this isn't about the kids. This is about the parents fulfilling their responsibility to care for their children themselves.
So if a parish priest obeys the directive and refuses burial to a married homosexual, he is to bear the blame, not the diocese.
You've  got to be kidding! Judy Lamarsh? Shelia Copps? Jeezz. I'm waiting for the first transgender who-knows-what to get their face plastered on one. Mind you, at least that way, you'll have both sides covered.
And a ban on Muslims, you forgot that.
Are you claiming that straight married men are 'homos?'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PeXVP7TlSxY  Muslim Feminism for real.
Not involving the issues of religious freedom, abortion or transgenderism.  He has my praise on those subjects.
No Catholic Church should ever shield illegal aliens.  This gathering is a toxic cancer.  This is the sort of left-wing Protestant nonsense the Church needs to not touch, it's a political tarbbaby.
equal? worthy? What planet do you live on?
What will help the Muslim community be accepted, and feel accepted, by the larger society in Canada is if we don't discriminate against them. Quebec's law does discriminate.
Her Catholicism was warp and woof of her writing.
Can someone name ONE Muslim dominated country where things are just fine?
He wasn’t asked about Transgender troops.   He made a statement in general that cannot be argued with but that is completely unrelated to the discussion at hand.
Yep, that's sanctimonious, Sanctimonious.
Anyone who thinks that two men or two women masturbating, sodomizing, or fellating one another constitutes 'marriage,' and calls himself a 'Catholic,' is living in a web of fantasy too deep and dense to be unraveled by any natural means.
Now what? How about waiting until the legislation is actually tested by people with the authority to make a ruling?
Thank goodness for that. Now if the could only remove Catholic from their name and all would be well.
And let me guess. Your proposal for people being gunned down in their place of worship is that Muslims should leave Canada.
Its war on men  Hallelujah Its war on men AMEN ! No guy is never,  Ever gonna be  Not FOUND TO BE  NOT GUILTEEEEE Its war on men  Its WAR  War war war  ----------------------------- Thank goodness I;m gay and I dont have to deal with that stuff straight men have to deal with.
Because I wanted to and it fits the argument maybe? Read it. I was responding to the guy who brought up the anti-gay baker who refused service to a gay couple.
Nope, but I can read. If you and others would take a moment to read and research rather than knee-jerk 'muslim! ah! islam! bad!' every time a terrible crime is committed by someone with a name you have trouble pronouncing, you'd look much less ignorant.
Russell,statistically homosexuals don't prey on our children. Pedophiles do. And statistics do show that pedophiles have a high propensity for recidivism. Do you have children?
My reading of the statement at issue is that the Roman Catholic school board condones a man forcing his wife to have sex, because marriage trumps consent.
Haitians, El Salvadorans, 'Dreamers', Hondurans, Gay Chechyans etc. bring them all, there are over 60 million left to come worldwide, and fortunately for them, Canada's borders are open!
Do these girls face genital mutilation as they do in Islamic cultures?
So substitute 'gay' with 'colored'
Yup. Why did the Church stop talking about sodomy (homo- and heterosexual) as sinful?
Keith D LaRiviere are you referring to the trillion dollar give away, please sit down and read
Remember: empathy is what inspired the shooters in Dallas and Baton Rouge.
Ah the Christian taliban speaks!
Like these black-clad fascists that attacked a gay man's right of free speach. https://medium.com/@trentlapinski/the-berkeley-riots-were-a-cowardly-act-of-domestic-terrorism-2bcafbb32ff0#.rlbjjb1np
All that needs to be done is an end to medical payments for any transgender care in the military.  That will reduce the small number of transgenders in the military from pursuing gender transition.
A historian of the Shoah... how appalling. Imagine a person of power said to a jewish student 'This is your Obersturmbannführer... can you smell the ashes?'
It's not a function of cultural relativism - gender equality, secularism, and personal freedoms are better than cultures that subjugate women, have draconian religious-based laws, and restrict personal freedoms.
Hey Darty! The vet abusing party is slipping, look: http://www.thestar.com/news/federal-election/2015/10/08/liberals-move-back-into-lead-new-forum-poll-finds.html
Is you blatant racism meant to be representative of the views of most Catholics?
As you read the gripping reactions of the Jewish survivors of the Holocaust, it makes the idiotic and insensitive remarks made by Sean Spicer on Passover even more grotesque as he refers to the camps as Holocaust Centres. Like somewhere you would gather to for a spa day.
Because nobody believes these nutcases have anything to do with mainstream Christianity.
MGWhat do you think of Canada attacking a completely innocent Muslim country? Would retaliation surprise you? It seems most appropriate that Muslims would try to disrupt the source of the invasion, namely Parliament Hill.
The Vatican pundits called cooperation between Catholics and other Christians, largely for the sake of prolife issues, an 'ecumenism of hate.'   Might just be the wackiest thing out the Vatican since HV.
Donald Trumps states people should “use the bathroom they feel is appropriate.” (April 2016)  Donald Trump revoked landmark guidance to public schools letting transgender students use the bathrooms of their choice. (Feb 2017)  So which news is fake Donald?
And, if you even bothered to read the diagnostic criteria (which you didnt), requires anxiety and distress resulting from misidentification of gender at birth due to psychological, behavioral, and biological causes. Transgender is not a disease or mental disorder under any clinical diagnostic in the US. Period.
A LIBTURD APOLOGIST HIMSELF DALLAIRE  .HOW MUCH DOES ONE GET TO TAKE A FEW MUSLIMS DOWN  FOR FUN  MUST BE WORTH $25 M
Yes, your claim that only Jesus is God is rubbish, and I'm glad you have recognized and, hopefully, repented.  I hope you will next discard and repent of the idolatry of worshiping a man-made institution as Divine.
like baird stepping into a coffee shop in east Jerusalem semantics or establishing falsehoods as facts on the ground semantics?
If I understand your comment correctly you are right.  'Strident professed militant Catholic' is their self proclaimed mission.  The group think is on their part and it's powerful in keeping them in the fold and donating money.
Ah yes. The poor, neglected, downtrodden civil servant. Please pass me a tissue ... I feel a tear of sympathy welling in my eye.
I recommend to the parents of Ontario to take Scrimbro's advice. Stand together, organize a volunteer network, and create a system of alternative education for your children.
An order of the commander-in-chief on a ban on transgender is just that -  an order from the Commander-In-Chief.   This is the military we are talking about where orders from the top do not contain even a single information on how to accomplish the task.
There is nothing to reconcile. The two are intractible, church: 'intrinsically disordered' and LGBT person: 'I am'.
Ah yes. Trying to mock him for being an amazing family man. How will he recover.
IRT FastEddie, agree with your post.  The Congress must repeal such nonsense where citizens (tax payers) must pay for any transgender surgery.  For some reason Congress and Hawaii born ex-president Obama created another human form besides a man and a woman.  Auwe.
Up vote me if you would love to see someone (woman, man or trans) come forward with a previously buried sexual harassment claim against Boy Justin next.
It does not matter which name you use john, joannie, JOE or maybe ???, the result will be the same unless you change, namely purgatory, probably preceded by psychological problems.
They want God to bend around their will.'  When you say 'they', RD, are you including yourself? As when you show your basic misunderstanding of and contempt for the transgendered.
Before Trump got elected I would have agreed with youBut its impossible to imagine Trump doing anywhere near as good as Obama did on foreign policy
My interpretation of Trump's decision is based on the financial burden placed on taxpayers for the gender transition. Here's an idea, start a go fund account to support transgender transition for those in the military, that way taxpayers won't have to pay for the enormous medical expenses...everybody wins.
How much land does Arabs need? It's not about the land but murderous hate towards HaShem's chosen people...The Jews. The Lord has set a blessing(Torah) and a curse(secularism) before us...Choose wisely!
well when is the homeless jew going to get the $12,000 that he needs to buy a house......he is 36 ....and has lived his hole life in phovertity and prison and jail......he would get a job but prison and jail made him to crazy to work.....
It is more socially acceptable to be gay than to be white or male. Ultimately being a white male gets me accused of being racist by the BLM Pride Committee (with the tacit agreement of Tory, Wynne Trudeau and Wong Tam)  despite being gay and non malicious.
Well there you have it. The Globe's most worthy apologist for this tarnished govt. Konrad, you should be ashamed of yourself for so heavily buying into the party line. Flanagan would have said the same, but perhaps with just a hint of 'mean' to it.
The mainline Protestants ARE VALIDLY BAPTIZED!!!!! And they are recognized by the Catholic Church as Christians.  Furthermore, the Catholic Church, at Vatican II recognized that Catholics, Protestants and Orthodox comprise the Church, not just Catholics only.  Lumen Gentium, 14.
In a way to be concerned about your safety yes. To be left wing quite often is to champion those who would want to kill you.
You're full of it Quibly. I travel a lot and people have nothing but good things to say about Canada.
Lorna, what is your take on the story of the great deluge? In that scenario god euthanized most of the human race for being 'sinful'. Whether you consider it literal or allegorical it doesn't say much for the sanctity of human life by your creator.
You're okay with demeaning Islam for people that radicalize it, but are totally okay with a religion who's leadership actively covered up child sex abuse?
I agree......Jesus had cigars and bourbon with jazz playing for the social hour after the last supper......how quickly some folks forget.
one thing I will remember about Steve Poutine and this subject: when he said that ndp 'supported' hitler and of course vicious attack adds smearing opponents. I cannot imagine respecting anybody among robo call crew. sad story about Canada
Why is it America's issue that Muslims hate Israel?  Weren't you paying attention during the inauguration?  It's all about America First, baby.  Israel is a nuclear power.  They can take care of themselves.
What utter, hyperbolic rubbish. As if Obama carefully plotted this to outrage the Jewish faith.
That's like saying a racist doesn't hate black people, he just hates the color of their skin. Or an anti-Semite doesn't hate Jews, he just hates their religion. Or a misogynist doesn't hate women, he just hates their gender.
4) Hinduism worships gods that are not the God of the Bible.  Why should money spent on a Catholic school facilitate paganism/polytheism? My Catholic university spent money to buy idols for their worship services.
why were you at catholic school?  i don't believe in Gesus either... and did not goto a gesus school..  you should sue your parents for suffering you through a catholic school.
Reality has a Liberal bias...
On which moral or scriptural foundation will the law abiding majority of Muslims stand to address the issue when everyday they pray from precisely the same document as the terrorists, which contains the exhortation to and legitimization of the terrorists' acts?
To identify the truly sick racists google: chief rabbi of Israel says only purpose of goyim is to serve jews, life of goyim worth same as donkey.  Netanyahu says this jerk is the greatest mind of this generation.  http://www.timesofisrael.com/5-of-ovadia-yosefs-most-controversial-quotations/
Now this helps to bring the country together! What tripe.
The POTUS is charged with keeping the military at is strongest, and Transgender soldiers in any capacity will weaken it, regardless of what you think his intentions are.
once she is President' ?? Getting ahead of ourselves aren't we?
The only troll is Amira herself, trolling for Islam and for western civilization's submission to the Koran. Her hijab is the sign she handed her fate to Allah. Giving up free will is just one thing Muslims ar expected to sacrifice for their religion. 10
Las Vegas mass shooting: 'This is the price of freedom...'  'Gun control is more of what doesn't work' New York truck attack: BAN MUSLIMS!!!! This country has dementia.....
Ward1 in Springfield: I don't think there is any evidence that the recent threats made nationwide against Jewish institutions originated in Eugene or even in this country.
Islamist' terrorists, please, Guest997. Amid the carnage, butchery, and ignorance, we must use accurate terms and remain politically correct.
JHsassYou are free to volunteer for the 14 year prison sentence.
I am concerned that, whether they are conscious of it or not, the white men who would vote for Trump have never fully accepted women and people of color as equals...'  Not only these, but also LGBT folks and Jews, two other groups many of these white supremacist types hate.
When POTUS Trump speaks to the Boy Scouts it's political but when the left shoves gay propaganda down their throats it's educational.'.... Dinesh D'Souza‏
In America anyone is allowed to opening mock something as dumb as Christianity.  But that is a waste of time. Let’s get back to mocking draft dodging cowards.
For the rest of the population it  mean doors are closing and opportunity are being taken away if you aren't part of the favoured group.  Muslims want to be served by Muslims and not by Kafirs if at all possible.
Oh good, Jewish conspiracy theories. Given that Trump's statement on Holocaust Remembrance Day was praised by neo-Nazis for its 'de-Judeification' of the Holocaust, I'm going to say I don't give a fuck who his kids marry, he's empowering anti-Semites.
As long as you like Liberal party propaganda.
Why not add Saudi Arabia and North Korea to the list? After all, one finances half the Islamic terrorists in the world, and provided 15 of the 19 hijackers on 9/11. The other recently killed an innocent American, and threatens to nuke US cities.
This is the Christian equivalent of Sharia Law.
I'm pretty sure Jack Phillips said he would, and has, served gay couples.  Serving is different than making a specific kind of cake.
It was a poll done recently by a liberal jewish group and it was all over the news. Among the jewish youth: it was about 80%. The same jewish group support the UN resolution
I think Marx doen't understand the meaning of 'civility', constantly decrying perceived 'Jew hatred', while making the most offensive comments about everybody else.   I suspect he's had more comments deleted than anyone else. What could possibly lead to such hateful views?
You must not have 'been there' in the 50s or 60s when tenure was needed to protect people who were working to advance civil rights. It's needed now to protect people from Harper's anti-science agenda.
Hear, hear! One law for all Canadians!
And yet another progressive Catholic who is calling half of America 'Nazis.'
Only the informed globe drive writers can show us a picture of a heavy duty 2500 truck then go on to describe a 1500 with a V6 engine. Globe writers should go back to writing what they know best about, like transgender people and their washroom problems.
And a boot smashing a human face, forever.
I would not vote for you as that would be a vote against the country and our cherished belief system!  Now go to your transgender room and close the yap!
Honestly I am dumb struck. Of all the issues facing the Church, this is the one a Bishop concentrates himself with?  Most days I'm proud to be Catholic. After reading this I can safely say that today is not one of those days.   Fr. Neil Pezzulo
This must be what Harper's minions on the back bench do to stay awake.
If only they will stop crying and exaggerating every small incident!!!!!!! I read this news article the other day about Quebec Muslims crying that they have never felt this unsafe before, yea right, maybe you should move back to where you came from if you find this unsafe!
You're confusing 'cajones' with racism.  White Neo-Nazis chanting 'Jews will not replace us' are 'very fine people.'  Black athletes quietly kneeling are 'sons of bitches.'  Rote patriotism is not an ideal of this country.
Konrad isn't going to get an invitation to the inauguration of anyone even if it's held in Wilno or Barry's Bay!
I guess you think that baseball enjoyment is more important than social justice.
You assume that mist lesbian or gay male couples yearn for recognition and blessing by the leadership of this sect. Those I know, me and mine included, do not.
The question IS about baking a cake.  Please read: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/09/16/us/supreme-court-baker-same-sex-marriage.html.  'Mr. Phillips shut down the conversation as soon as he heard that a gay couple was getting married.  “I’ll make you birthday cakes, shower cakes, cookies, brownies,” Mr. Phillips recalled saying. “I just can’t make a cake for a same-sex wedding.”
I wonder if the Jews thought that as they were being prodded into rail cars by men with guns..?
Only in America. Society, rules, laws, boundaries are torn down, thrown out, tossed aside, and discarded as being outdated, unfair, anti-immigrant, anti-gay, anti-anything.
The problem with all this is that Trudeau and his government are dealing with someone who is probably mentally unstable. Witness Trump's rant against the judge who overturned his travel ban against Muslims.  Maybe the best accompaniment for Trudeau will be men in white coats.
Not all transgender people have gender reassignment surgery.
According to Trump voters, this interstate compact agreement is a no-no. Think Aurora theater shooter and the Muslim sex offender named as a suspect in Clement's murder. Of course, the rules and law (rule of law) only matter when it favors their agenda.
I bet if she was a Nun you would have more respect.
Mel, The world is swinging left, baby. Heeeyeahhhhhawwww!!!!! First we take Ottawa then we take Moscow!!! Power to the people!!!! The people united will never be defeated!!!!!!!!!!!! Hoooo Hawwww!!!!!
A Catholic Women's Strike is one of my dreams.  I would envision all the women, nationwide, refusing to do any work of any kind for the church, including attend Mass, starting on a Thursday and ending on a Monday morning.  Pick a date, I'm in.
This is not a justification'  Really?  If an entire city taken over by Daesh affiliated terrorists raising the filthy Daesh flag over churches while taking priests and Christians hostage isn't then what is?
What is there to hurray for? Pulling out of the Paris Agreement? Trying to take away health insurance of 20 million Americans? Banning transgender people from serving in the military?
w kingIf you cannot comprehend international law, why not just start thinking about basic human respect for other human beings?
I can say 'Orthodox Jews'  I can also say Sharia law, burka, honor killings, Assad soldiers raping women, Isis raping women
When wrong is committed in the world, it is right to sanction it. As a Christian, I say it is high time that Christians stop defining themselves by what happens in the bed. It is time to define ourselves by our generosity to all of our fellow man.
A quick google shows many examples to contradict you. 'Black Lives Matter blindsides Jewish supporters with anti-Israel platform' 'BLM activist advocates white genocide at Harvard - YouTube' ...
....sharing of the blog post and discussion on her show led to 'Islamophobia and hatred toward Muslim people.'  I think 9-11 had a lot to do with that, not sharing a blog.
Is the cosmic Jewish zombie baby snow white, or did they bother to find a doll with some color?
Klastri, Muslim ban?  Why do you make up such stuff?  Where in the EO does is religion mentioned?
The policy of the church is that gays or straight clergy are to be celibate---no sex with anybody, even themselves.
I remember the Conservatives raised not a peep when another popular PM spouse, Mila Mulroney, was provided with office and staff, yet they have done a 180 now. Hypocrisy? Nah.......Let's stop being so mean, small-minded and cheap
The lady in the burqa at Canadian Tire also did it for Syria.  She lumped all white Christian in one basket and committed a hate crime. but she will get away with it.
Nothing like being gay and hanging in Gaza City town square.
Is the G&M going to report on what certain Imams at this mosque were promoting? Death to Jews anyone?  Of course not, it doesn't flow with the narrative.  G&M: A newspaper with an agenda.
It's really clerical homosexual pederasty that was/is the issue.   We see it flare up again with Milo and George Takei.  It existed with Oscar Wilde.   It was a HUGE problem in the last 50 years with homosexual priests.
Yes, she always manages to find a way to explain outrages committed by Muslims  in a way that directly or obliquely blames the west.  Which warms the hearts of the moral equivalency crowd.
You mean the pussy grabber? How could you evangelical far right Taliban style Christians cast a vote for such con man? Explain that and then tell us again how LGTB pose a risk to your rights as a citizen.
If you work with 4 Catholic priests you should be able to readily get a precise definition of the term 'Invincible Ignorance'.
And before Vatican II all the Latin American countries were 90%+ Catholic. Maybe the bishops should focus on why they are losing so many Catholic who are seeking to get their spiritual needs met elsewhere over material concerns?
Yes I'm sure doing mushrooms and eating berries requires massive intelligence.
Of the 4 posters above I would lay money most are gay activist!
Much like the Pharisees who conspired, colluded and crucified Jesus Christ. 'Close-minded ideas.' Yes, you hit the rusty nail on the head.
And Jesus said, 'Enough!  Put away your sword. Those who live by the sword, die by the sword.'
Between apologizing for all generational misdeeds of the white man, meeting with Muslims in mosques and catering incessantly to LGBT, our man Trudeau seems to have a full agenda. Maybe in year two he'll make some time for the average Canadian who has bills and taxes to pay.
Inshallah,  it is God's will.  At least that what they say when they blow up Christians.
How about a pm who tells the truth, shows respect for parliament, does not put corporate profits ahead of everything else, and actually cares about Canada. We don't have that at the moment.
Israel's military does not appear to have suffered by including transgender soldiers.
No one knew of homosexuality? ! Were you raised in a bubble?
Von, But, you see, spirituality isn't religion. My idea of spirituality is quite the antithesis of religion. It's more about the shared reality of people in the here and now, not the unreality in the hereafter.
You're either utterly ignorant or totally incapable of telling the truth. Trump's VP is viciously antigay...  http://www.businessinsider.com/mike-pences-most-controversial-stances-on-gay-rights-abortion-and-smoking-2016-11  https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/oct/04/mike-pence-led-anti-lgbt-backlash-trump
You dont see the difference between being concerned about immigration and wanting  it slowed or stopped and calling for the death of of Jews and Blacks? You must be blind.
Huh, maybe that's why lesbian sex is shown in straight porn and not considered homosexual porn.'  And you know this how?
The first step on a long road to restoring democratic institutions and responsible government based on the rule of law and respect for the governed comes on October 19th. Carthago delenda est!
For all the liberal supporters that says she should get help, why not pay for every member of parliament spouse also? After all if their spouse is doing something for them, why shouldnt they receive money also? Or is it just for SGT?
Are you changing your lifestyle so it is not reliant on petroleum products or are you like Leonardo Decaprio and will continue to preach about the evils of the oil industry while you drive your car by your self 1 hour each way to work
Hawaii Dems proposed the resolution.  So let them take the complaints when the Con-Con results in a Constitution that outlaws gay marriage and abortion.
Watch this video and weep http://canadians.org/energyeast
They certainly weren't invited by the Chinese government. They were invited by House Christians as opposed to state-sanctioned Christianity.
You left out one trait, they are also Jewish.  But if she had said older, white Jewish men, oh the outrage.
Especially those that are lesbian phobic and dead from the neck up.
So is Jason Kenney. No one today thinks that being gay and conservative are mutually exclusive persuasions, nor they should be.
Frankly I hope that it changes Britain for the better, and we make sure the Muslims know that if thye want to live amongst us.. they better stop this nonsense, or a lot of them are going to suffer real pain.
No one should ever trust a Catholic priest or bishop after what they have done to so many innocent little boys. No parent should ever let their children alone with one.  As for this lawsuit, it sure sounds fishy as 'ICEEBEAR' so succinctly put it.
Try marching down to a stripclub respectful places and everyone has a price what's yours? Just cause someone is different then you doesn't mean protest it. I didn't protest that Obama couldn't say Muslim terrorist even though every time it was just that.
Have you ever tried to get into a University with the same GPA as a black, gay, woman with a limp?
I have no issues with these types of individuals. However it is unfair to the genders that were born female. This transgender may be a female now in physical appearance but still maintains the strength of a male through
You have to admit that the blacks have had it harder than the Irish, Jews, Ukrainians, etc. You see, if any of the above changed their names, you couldn't tell they were different. A black person can't change his name and look like a white person.
Next year he can book passage on the Sliverseas cruise ship as it does a Northwest Passage cruise and save taxpayers money.
Whatever the reasons, they are still dumb. Don't want to show your face?don't become a citizen.
Oh sure Ben, it was just about opportunity, because these priests were on an island where there were no females.  Is it really true that gay people think heterosexual men are attracted to boys?  What a strange idea.
You declare that homosexual acts are immoral and evil.  I declare that you are evil for trying to devastate a group of people just for being who they are.  So whose declaration should carry greater weight?
Compassion is for the person who does the wrong...' 'A person who does a criminal unjust act needs to be forgiven.' 'The adult people who have been molested need to offer forgiveness as well.'  Here we have another conservative Catholic that believes in compassion and forgiveness for pedophile priests.
The 'citizens united' supreme court decision is a large part of the escalating $$$ involved in American elections
Israel: democracy for Jewish Israelis, discrimination ad second-class citizenship for Israeli Palestinians, and apartheid for Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza. That is what is supporters defend.
Today in France, the Jews no longer have to fear the Nazis. They are being attacked by the adherents of another ideology that is just as odious and violent - one based on the teachings of a Seventh Century pedophile.
Oh yeah, you gotta watch out for those cut throat Christian suicide bombers.
Thank you for the nugget from Breitbart. This is not an accurate rendering of the British Medical Association's guideline, which merely acknowledges that most people who get pregnant are obviously women but through language choice 'we can' include other people who may get pregnant (intersex or transgendered people).
The article states 'trans gender Individuals,' which implies inclusivity for anyone who identifies as trans gender.
Everyone knows that the rich are hurting and need our financial assistance. 
But I bet you're equally against increased immigration.
You think the USCCB would choose a transgender woman as a shill?
Imam calling for Jews to be killed in sermon at Montreal mosque draws police complaint'
A commie Jew like (((Weintraub))) trying to restrict freedom of speech for the filthy goyim? I'm shocked, I tell you, shocked!
Not really. Perhaps you might ask Jesus or Buddha or Krishna or Mohammad.
Seriously? No.  Socrates was Greek, therefore a Greek was Socrates.  Socrates was a homosexual therefore a homosexual was Socrates.
In what universe is a wild bear 'cute and cuddly' And that's just the beginning of problems with your analysis.
Many parents are blinded by faith and these are the ones you have to be aware of. Parents that find out their kids are gay and then try and convert them or in some cases beat them.
Yep, 15 Russians on Facebook were able to counter the 24/7 bash Trump media that included CNN, ABC, NBC, CBS, and MSNBC.
Ummm, your Christianity has a bloody history as well. Any fear-based group is capable of violence -- be it by strapping a bomb to yourself or by voting for someone to do your bombing for you.
Eid holidays will be coming soon and Easter will be gone.  The collateral damage will be on women and homosexuals.
Married man here, not a priest.  Simple question though: who do you think Jesus would say has fuller participation in His Church?  The power hungry cleric or the ignorant farmer receiving Communion?
How does Miller justify this sudden conversion to 'libertarianism' with his 'I'm the Christianest Christian that ever Christianed'?  The guy is a huge. swallowing hypocrite.
May I ask what Viagra has to do with the Trans situation? And since you are talking about Viagra and costs, how much is spent on each trans person vs how much is spent on viagra per person?
Catholic pedophile priest is Judas Priest (judas iscariot) with lots of help from the Bishop.  There are million and millions of judas priests.
The bible convinces you that you don't have to go to Church.....  Really?  how?
The audacity of claiming Clinton's campaign is running on insults from the team where all Mexicans are rapist, all Muslims are terrorist, et al is truly insulting.
I believe that the man was mentally incapacitated when he wrote his 1986 letter to the catholic bishops on the pastoral care [sic] of homosexual persons.
Ok Epnd, I'm curious, I'll bite.  Why the big hatred for Jews?
Once again Mr Saunders has managed to deflect Islamic problems in the West by claiming that the far-right is a greater threat to European Jews.He probably also thinks that white supremacists elected Donald Trump and British Skinheads were responsible for the Brexit vote.
So, turns out the anti-gay bigot is a pervert and kiddie rapist.  Of course the GOP stands up for him.  Being a pervert is only bad if you're a democrat.  Its a bonus if you're a republican.
For liberals to use fear mongering and Islam bigotry to justify military procurement is just another sign of this governments loose relationship with ethics.
Some of Ezra's supporters have asked for an example of his hate.  Google his article about the Roma Gypsy's.  If you don't think it's racist, then replace Gypsy with Jew and tell me what you really think.  It's a great exercise in exposing hypocrisy.
Florence is to gay males what Yachats is to lesbians.  Surely you know that.
FormerDougCo, Is the baker asking the gay couple for a cake? How are gay people discriminating against religious conservatives. If your religion says you are to kill me, but I kill you first in self-defense, is my killing of you discrimination?
Then that would be a question of evidence as to which was the real reason for the refusal.   Are you suggesting there have been cases of bakeries that refused to make gay wedding cakes because they reasonably feared the couple wouldn't pay the bill?
This does not represent the majority of liberals any more than using a gay slur represents the views of Trump supporters.
Clearly it is heresy to suggest that the Church not have total control over people's sex lives, because Jesus very clearly said, 'Love God and let my Church control your sex life.'
Mystery?Really?Anger and Islam are generally not very good combinations.
Regardless of where one stands on the transgender persons in the military issue, you have to admire someone who stands up  for their convictions when it is difficult.  I'm glad Ken bucked the system, and that trumps politics any day.
For anyone who wants to help the transgender community fight intolerance, here's a GoFundMe campaign for an awesome nonprofit I've supported in the past:  https://www.gofundme.com/help-save-gender-justice-nevada
You know in everyone's life there is grief, stress and anxiety, but most people have no choice but to keep going each day and there is no organization encouraging them to come forward and be taken care of.
not an argument.
If it promotes standard politically-correct orthodoxy, and if it sticks a blade into an elderly Jewish professor, then yes.
Meanwhile, Trump is up early to tweet about transgender in the military.  The man has the attention span of a gnat.
30 yrs ago that small number of malcontents were gays
J'accuse !  Witch! Counter revolutionary! Jew! Appropriator!
Butinski, here is another theory.  The person at the helm was a transgender who was distracted while putting on his make up.
Then why don't you seek SOCIAL JUSTICE from the private sector employers who have sacrificed their workers' benefits while the corporate executives retain theirs and rake in ever increasing salaries and bonuses?
Easy:  1) They won't allow female elders (church leaders responsible for decisions) 2) They condemn co-habitation AND marriage between homosexuals. Can't get much plainer than that!
Did this commission include black trangendered womxn, Black non-binary persons and black intersex bodies? Or did this commission exclude this marginalised and oppresssed group from these particular sex and gender conversations and policies?
The defence claimed self-defence, not stand-your-ground.
Not the same as being gay, just having alter boys more at hand. Hopefully the modern number is small enough that the sample is small too. There are no reports of Vatican abuse, where the Lavender Mafia has its turf.
Using the name of a historic figure from 1300 years ago noted for killing muslims and driving them out of Europe is pretty obvious, don't you think? One reason I use Alceste is irony, skyofblue. Are you concerned about it?
You do remember what Paul Martin had to do in the 1990's remember? You realize he had to do that because of a massive mountain of debt built up over the years preceding him. Ridiculous to say that red ink doesn't matter.
Oh, so if someone comes out as gay, it might mean that he has an aversion to sex acts between people of the same sex?  Please.
What's the matter with your world?'  Sessions is a closet transgender.
Except that most of the Republican hierarchy have failed to serve their country in times of war....Bush, Cheney, Rove, Trump etc. And the American values you speak of are exclusive of white Christian right wing folk....a minority in this country today, and are the values of hatred and bigotry.
The only way LGBT lives are 'hell' is due to the effect of the  blatant bigotry on the part of this 'Prince of the Sect.'
Somebody should explain to President Trump that we defend our country with more than rifles and cannons. Our complex weapon systems now demand brains and training. On these requirements our transgender soldiers amply fit the bill. Indeed, more so.
You have demonstrated your ignorance of the Catechism.   Canon 915 certainly applied to Tim Kaine due to the fact abortion is intrinsically evil verses the issues of prudential judgement.  It's too bad there are uneducated Catholics like you and Bishop McElroy destroying this Church.
Hypothetical... your daughter is a boxer, she's the champ... and the undefeated top contender is a Trans Female... you cool with it?
if it is a reasonable search warrant, the courts could compel the defendant to provide the relevant password or hold them in contempt of court until they comply
One wonders how many of these French are Jewish, escaping the rising wave of Judenhass that has swept France. Regardless, the result is to the betterment of Canada and PQ. Bienvenue, et Santé!
If Trudeau's government pushes forward with this, and the items mentioned in the 'open government' article, I will have massive respect for him and the federal Liberals. That they are promising to do this is very, very encouraging.
Are you suggesting that when we meet a Muslim woman we should arrange to conduct our conversation on a telephone to get over the issue of not being able to see her face?
The purity of the blood eh? Where oh where have I heard that before?
All 'western' countries need to get their freaking act together and send lovely Muslims back to the middle east.  Let them fight it out for eternity.  Their problems are not our problems.
Only partially facetious I blame that purple dinosaur, Barney. Where no one loses
In the U.K. the word used was 'sissy'. It described boys who were unusually timid. Nothing sexual was intended as no one knew about homosexuality.
exactly first is was 'Who am I to judge?' about gays  then later he does not want gay priests  all platitudes like Justin Trudeau
Yes let's have free votes for culture war issues such as SSM, abortion, gun rights, prostitution, church and state, corporate lobbying, pipelines, whatever. It's more democratic that way.
Most Americans Support Open Transgender Military Service
There is no such thing as secular values. Maybe that's why?
stoner' - a word with such positive connotations!
IRT Boots - You my friend are factually wrong. There has never been a study that concluded any person with X&Y chromosomes did any better as a woman. In fact the leading pioneer in transgender research has stated emphatically; 'the change more often does long term harm.'
Spoken by an expert in 'brown lipstick'.
Well it didn't take danepol too long to drag out that old canard - anti zionist = anti semitism! In fact I think Manjra is an equal opportunity phobe. His Islamophobia is positively shocking! And in Feinsteins casecase it is anti zionist=anti Semite=self hating non practising Jew!
If the day comes when a LGBTQ  or Islamic university exists, and they forbid Christians from becoming students, unless they are silent about their faith, will the government be so interventionist? Will Christians even be allowed to attend?
So, people being 'believers' or transgender are legitimate concerns of yours? Mississippi would probably love to have you. P.S. I think the irritation in the back of your throat is probably just BS.
Delusions, hallucinations, fairy tales, religion. Not one ounce of evidence for any of it. Why is belief in Thor, Ramses and Zeus scoffed at?Religion is the last bastion of the ignorant.
Details, details RealistLon ... you must trust the Liberal Force, or be swallowed whole by the Dark Side. How else can a fledgling personality cult get a start?
Trump cited no credible source indicating that transgendered troops are a detriment to the effectiveness of the U.S. military.  It appears he is making statements like this to solidify his homophobic core supporters.
As your post demonstrates, Civil Comments has disabled the civility filter for the folks who were complaining about too many Catholic posts. Along with adding blocking, that puts things more or less back where they were with Disqus.
As long as he doesn't watch it, he can say: Still haven't actually seen video of the 'Jews will not replace us' thing. Sounds like an urban legend. Willful ignorance.
I wonder what would happen if the Pentagon brass decided that tweets are not official orders, and simply waited for Trump's milliseconds-long attention span to be diverted elsewhere? 'General Dunford, is the transgender issue taken care of?' 'Yes, sir!' 'Fine. Carry on.'
Rep. Hensarling will say it was gay people's fault.
Maybe Mary was bodily assumed into heaven because Jesus wanted to keep the Church from pawing at her bones?
The usual sane analysis from Mr. Heinbecker.
Can we say Islam is bad? Islam is threat to Canada? It's illegal to say such thing?   Can we discuss this topic:    if Muslim becomes majority in Canada, or even 20%, What kind of Canada will become?
you can knowingly infect someone with aids and it's ok. you can go to jail if you don't use the proper pronoun when speaking to the transgenders. are the flames hot enough yet.
Protestants? Jews?
Since my prostate surgery so do I, but I do it in the proper gender assigned bathroom unlike the mentally deficient phony group calling themselves 'trans people'. You are as you came into the World, and even assignment surgery does not change fact to fiction.
Here are Kristin Beck's (a transgender ex Navy SEAL) own words to Trump:  ''Let's meet face to face and you tell me I'm not worthy,' Kristin Beck, a 20-year veteran of the Navy SEALs, told Business Insider on Wednesday. 'Transgender doesn't matter. Do your service.'  http://www.businessinsider.com/kristin-beck-trump-transgender-ban-2017-7
You must be a Republican.  Swirling black hole where your heart should be ... Hatriotism!!  Praying hard to the money gods while calling yourself a Christian, but we all know by now today's Christian is a 'christian'.  Super fakey!
And don't forget that their version of Islam throws gays off buildings.
Oh great, thanks to Trudeau Canadians are now effectively forced to buy Middle Eastern oil and to fund islamist terrorism whether they like it or not. Meanwhile, Paul Martin's shipping company can continue to lavishly profit from the tanker trade. Coincidence?
Fake Senator, Fake Tories, Fake Christians...
The law is cowardly.  These same Quebec Liberals went to the funerals of 6 dead Quebec City mosque members back on January, 2017.  Ten months later, they make a law that targets Muslims.  I guess for Quebec Liberals, the grieving period was over.
You conveniently don't mention your cohorts who call for extermination of Jews and Blacks. With guys like IQ006, IQ22, and the rest in your corner, well, I wouldn't call you  loathsome or deplorable like them but I think ' imbecile' has some merit for your selectivity.
Is  LBB  Barry  back  from  his  gay  sex romp  in   the  south  seas  yet?   When  he  left Moochelle at  home?
You are still saying that two deaths are better than one. Which is 'pro-death', not 'pro-life'.   You claim I am not a proper Catholic, which shows your innate arrogance.
Really? I guess you could just flood your data base with fictitious information and aliases but heaven help you if one of your aliases turns up being wanted by law authorities. Maybe the trans world where you can be 'fluid' has some merit (eyes rolling).
The Democrats use Antifa like the Muslim community uses radicals. They turn a blind eye to it until it is pointed out to them, then they shrug, throw up their hands and complain there is  nothing they can do.
Dual citizen ship is a No No. One can not serve two masters. When one bows to master one its but is facing master two and vice versa. You come to Canada embrace it. If one is sceptical, Just do not apply for citizen ship fair enough.
Gay pornography?
Let's hope that the Liberals , by getting hit on the head by the 4 by 4 of reality, make some wise decisions... the ship of state was manouvered successfully through the global economic maelstrom by the previous government and now comes another.
The Israeli's like their combat females..a lot.  They also have no issues with transgendered military personnel.
After 44 years of the P.C.s and decades of Social Credit before that, Albertans have had enough of the 'right' for a while and are willing to give the NDP a chance. We'll see in three years if the NDP deserves another mandate.
Jesus had two dads .Seems there are a few people out there who think he turned out ok .There are more reports of elected officials abusing kids in bathrooms than transgender folks .
Why do they need to do your bidding for you? Were you out denouncing white guys who shoot people after Vegas and every other shooting? No, so why do Muslims need to do it?
 but to also dampen the traits of what makes America great, such as: compassion, inclusion, equal opportunity, fairness, equality, truth and justice.'-----------------------------In what fantasy world are they at?
The BBC has reported that this is a terrorist attack by a Pakistani Muslim.
George Victor, you may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope some day you will join us, and the world will live as ONE.
That's true now because a dirty little secret is coming out about male orgasm.  Men can experience orgasm without an erection.  You need to think about this TomZ and how this relates to gay men as well as older couples.
 ... we are all super fakey 'christians' that vote for the war machine and will stab our neighbors in the back for a buck or bugger boys hooked on crack ... '  We all know what 'focus on the family' REALLY means ...
Same for me and he stands in a long line of good Catholic writers over the centuries who have used humor to point out the follies of the 'whitened sepulchers' who are destroying the church by their blinded eyes and hardened hearts.
As goes for all special interest groups. No more making private lives public. Hench no more gay pride parades, no more (fill in the blank) protest. Agree yes ?
Scot...you've missed a medication dose today?
I doubt the accuracy of your statement. Please give your reference. There is a lot of misinformation which is not helpful. Money would not be wasted if solid partnerships were formed. As Wab Kinew says it is not that saviours are needed it is allies.
Let me get this straight, There is no friend anywhere . . . because some Globe posters are opposed to Trump's executive orders, you hate muslims more?  And seven other posters agree with you?  That's a head-shaker.
The moral authority speaks, the robo's dance and vote.
What makes you an expert on using natural gas fired turbines for electrical generation? Have you ever designed or built one? Or are you just being your typical blowhard?
I am an older transgender person, I vigorously oppose this legislation. I have made a video on the topic that I hope people will watch: https://youtu.be/x-txjWzJQjU . The western world is quickly going absolutely insane.
So has Christianity. This is one man, one case. There are a few boneheads but this is not 'widely abused'.
Happy to see you left Juneau for Anchorage Michae....One less homosexual is always good news.
Mulroney was personally responsible for destroying the PC's, such was the level of hatred towards him by all Canadians. Even Stephen Harper was able to leave the Conservative Party intact, with a good showing at the last election.
Homosexuals are men right?
What a flimsy editorial built around a one-line quip that exactly characterized PM Stephen Harper's behavior and the idea that Canada has to do airstrikes because so many others are.
Natural law:   When a Church is filled with gay clergy, thousands of boys end up getting raped by these gay priests.  The Church has been right all along about homosexuality.   Trouble is, gay people have an inexplicable attraction to the RCC.
Hatred? Irrational or rational? Islamophobic?
When are they bringing Dr. Porter back to be a Conservative Senator. The world is so predictable. Mr. Harper ...resign. This si getting close. I hope the RCMP still have some honour enough to pursue the OINKERS to the top.
Is this about Canada or the Conservative party? Perhaps some real generosity of spirit might make this noteworthy.
Pat Robertson is the man to call in:  http://politicot.com/pat-robertson-trumps-macho-groping-tape-orchestrated-god-show-americans-hes-definitely-not-gay/
Agree completely. I think that if one reads the wisdom of the sages of every culture, from Seneca to Laotzu, one finds that stoicism in one form or another is the key.
I'm a lesbian trapped in a man's body.'  Might work.
We all know what the problem is and the governments in the west wont admit it. Immigrants and welfare.
Well this might not be that well written but as a life-long Vancouverite I think he's spot on. It also speaks to the thin-skinned nature of our city that so many are so offended.'But, but, we're so world-class!' Lol.
Turing was persecuted because he was gay, even after his heroism in the war.  That is the type of society we had in the west when the Church had more 'leadership.'  The same ethic is trying to block women priest, but it is dying out.
Dumb and dumber?
screw islam n dummy troudeau you want more islamist dummy move to the desert build youre own outhousesn start building with your money not canadians most dont want more islamists bring more jews french greeks lebs forget the stupid bunch
Interesting point. Here again the left has step in it. I think it is the same, refusing is refusing. The because is the issue. And with the left the because is they agree with gays, and not with supremacists.
People of Canada and the world need to get behind Justin, Obama, Hillary and Premier Wynne in our fight against fascism, Islamophobia, homophobia, anti-semitism and discrimination against Transgenders!
Anyone but Justine in 2019!  If you're not a transgender, refugee on welfare well, you're not welcome in Justine's tent.
You are a mere 180 degrees off.
Unless you have some proof, you are deliberately trying to promote hatred against these people who have been repeatedly victimized.  Do you say the same about the Jews?
Actual Marxists, who are generally atheists, could not care less about Quanta Cura. It is like having an Orthodox Jew caring about what the Bhagavad Gita has to say.  Catholics, on the other hand, assuming they have ever heard of QC, tend to ignore it.
Because he was getting out of the way of his cousin, the Christ. He deliberately spoke out against the sinfulness of the King.  He was not stupid, he knew the consequences.
so that justifies the killing of Christians?
The teaching of Paul IV is more likely to have led many to hell -- or to have led them to construct a hell on earth for Jews. 'By their fruits you shall know them.'
You know this was an Obama supporter, ... how? Because conservative anti-Semite thugs are always so respectful of Jewish synagogues and cemeteries? And, ... don't get upset when people call Trump derogatory names.
The vast majority of white supremacists profess to be 'Christians.'
That one looks Jewish and that one's a coon. Who let all this riff raff into the room? There's one smoking a joint and another with spots. If I had my way I'd have all of you shot.'- Pink Floyd
And vice versa though...where are the defenders of the niqab? Why are they not also here, defending the religious right of Catholics to their beliefs?
And we must disrupt a church of princes with an ancient irrelevant theology that discriminates against women, gays, and people of other religions and abuses children while protecting abusers.
trudeaux father was still in kneepants when this incident occurred. why should this current pm nincompoop go stirring up history now? answer; he hopes it will get him more Jewish votes when this pathetic excuse for a leader is thrown out of office.
Just as an aside ....and truth be told the Jews did start killing every german they could find immediately after the war and by some estimates killed more germans than germans killed jews
NP, I think you misread Klastri's comment.  It said, 'fundamentally evil when it comes to LGBT folks and women's rights,' meaning as he relates to those issues, not on the whole as your interpretation.
Really? Did you demand that Trump prove that Obama was a Kenyan Muslim?
Wow, if only we had elected officials who channeled their outrage over the transgender experiment toward fixing this issue maybe we could actually accomplish something.  While everyone focuses on the 'outrage' of Trump's tweet, we have people dying because of failed policy.
A Jew can become a gentile and a gentile can become a Jew but a man cannot become a woman nor a woman a man.
So does Trump hate Jews or is he in bed with Israel?  The media needs to make its mind up and have a consistent narrative to sell why we should hate Trump.   What a joke!
a bishop who enables a pedophile priest should be excommunicated and in a prison cell'  Is Law in a cell in the Vatican's prison?
Because it is a necessary, but not sufficient condition. But supporting those conditions requires a collective effort.
It should not, but it should be careful in what it calls sin.  No one is rejecting the concept of sin.  Assaulting people because they are gay is always sinful, mortally so.
Israel, and those that support it, pretend to hold higher standards.
But what is the intent behind the law? Are there really that many people wearing the niqab, which is uncommon even in most of the Islamic world? When I lived in the Middle East, it was either Saudi women or much older Arab women who normally wore it.
Keep telling yourself that the Palestinians firing rockets and missiles into civilian Jewish areas of a sovereign nation is not a violation of international law......you might convince yourself eventually.
The difference is that transgendered individuals are quite capable of performing their duties.  After all, 18 countries including Canada, Israel, Australia, Britain, Germany and France currently allow transgendered individuals to serve openly and it doesn't seem to have impacted their military readiness.
The Royal Alexander? Did the Tsar visit TO in the 19th C. or are you being facetious?
I believe that within 15 or 20 years, people like you will be pretending they were people like us and wondering why people weren't shouting louder.
He should have condemned first and foremost the POTUS himself who, no later than last week at a press conference, broke loose on an Orthodox Jew journalist trying to ask him a question, qualifying twice his question (that the poor guy was unable to complete) as 'disgusting'.
The suffix 'Jr.' Should only be used when the son has the same first name as the father. Ironically, with your use of the word as an attempt to suggest he is a man of lesser competence you have demonstrated your own lack of competence.
HI:'Muslims have the most to lose from Barcelona' NO. The people that lost their lives and loved ones have the most to loose. Why is their answer/solution death????
Having a gay husband?
In Toronto anti-Islamophobia protesters outnumbered anti-Muslim protesters by a ratio of 30-1.  Just remember that Islamophobic bloggers. You will never win. Canadian society is tolerant and inclusive and Muslims will be welcome here.
Since when is it 'shunning' to deny Communion? Another poster claimed Paprocki had ordered all gay people to be buried in 'unmarked graves.' Insanity!
This election in Alberta will come down to jobs vrs transgendered bathrooms.   Even the  lgbt community needs jobs.    Kenney will win handily except in Edmonton and central Calgary.
None of these other religions force women to wear scarves or cover themselves.  None of these other religions murders gays and lesbians. None of these other religions treats women as second class subjects.
Why did our PM choose to present that image' ? The same reason that snakes slither. He can't not make everything about himself and his self importance.
Lets just combine the Catholic church and the Boy Scouts organizations into one entity.    They both have been doing the same thing FOREVER,  ABUSING and having Intestinal Intercourse with young boys.
Just say NO to all religion, everywhere! It's archaic teachings with no basis in truth or reality are are just an indoctrination of fear to control the masses. If a so-called 'Jesus' was immortal, how can his death be a sacrifice? Circular bible logic at it's finest!
I had no doubt you would see it that way...A Lesbian who has an affair, allegedly on school property doing school hours is not enough smoke to assume there is a fire ? Would you be interested in buying the Fairy Street Bridge ?
Being masculine, caring and respectful have never been mutually exclusive.
Bibi has alot of friends in Hollywood with Geffen records maybe Bibi could make a few phone calls. Trump Loves Bibi and Putin. Traditional Jewish music with a slice of Cossack dancers. Menu; Kosher food with Russian Vodka.
The question was : 'Please name one country where 'gaiety' is punishable by death.'  Your response was about gays and had nothing to do with gaiety.
Funny how you failed to acknowledge the other half of the statement--that Trumpty-Dumpty is every bit an amoral sham as Hillory the Blood Countess.  Kind of like how bigoted Christians justify their arrogance by quoting the bible out of context.
Where is the money coming from to pay for all the transgender bathrooms we will be ordered to build?
White Christians perhaps; not white evangelicals who are definitely not the majority!
The lives of 'thousands' of transgender people have been thrown into 'chaos' because they now can't openly join the military - give me a break.
Mr. Bernier’s team said the Scheer victory was due to the social-Conservative vote and the strong showing of candidate Brad Trost, who expressed his discomfort during the race with “the whole gay thing” ....... ======= Yeah, you can't be a conservative by that ....
Yer transgender phobia is unwarranted fake Beaver.
One problem is that the Jewish community is too tied up with supporting Israel. Do they have allegiance to Israel 1st and Canada 2nd?  'The Jewish Federation of Greater Vancouver referred a request for comment to the Centre for Israel and Jewish Affairs.'
Ooh, an opinion by the Post.  I must immediately change my views.  Hillary could burn down an orphanage filled with transgendered children of color and beat them with Gibson guitars as they came running out and the Post would still giver her their support.
The biggest losers will be people living in Scarborough. So be it.
Patterning makes the pederasts. In the seminaries, some gay men simply come out while others adopt the asexual ideal imposed on them as a way of regaining latency.
Deception is an integral part of the Muslim Brotherhood's modus operandi.
I had relatives killed by fellow Christians in Ireland during 'the Troubles''  Liar.
In think let Biko also know that his sons Andile Mngxitama and BLF are obnoxious racists and antisemites who makes fun of the Holocaust and how Jews were 'turned into soap' by the Nazis. But would you expect of an intrinsically and explicitly racist ideology.
So you're down with female mutilation and executing homosexuals eh Len?  http://www.cnn.com/2017/04/22/health/detroit-genital-mutilation-charges/
Do your jewish friends know that you 'like' online comments that say that 'the zionists' control Canada?
Thanks for the little dose if common sense
Conservatives have raised fears about men or boys claiming to be transgender in order to spy or prey on women or girls in public restrooms.' -Well then those 'conservatives' should be more concerned about the president being in any room with a woman or girl.
What a sterile argument.  Remember Canon 1083 #3: 'sterility neither nullifies nor prohibits marriage.'  If sterile straights can get married and have sterile sex then so can loving gay couples. There really is no difference, Ken.
Peace in our time!
Ericnorstog, speak for yourself, (We are all that homeless Jew).     Not me... If you are a slime ball and shoplift or are otherwise a useless piece of human being,  then you have chosen your destiny..........
This is an example of the arrogance and ignorance that exemplifies Anchorage and is the same as a bunch of ugly racist and bigoted White Nationalist Americans moving to Israel and then have the gall to tell Israelis, 'Jews, you're lucky we let you stay here.'
And since it wasn't transgender, they refused to use it!
You say vengeance, I say justice.
The (in)famous 1917 Balfour Declaration to Baron Rothschild on Palestine (as it was then called) perfectly encapsulates the root of the conflict: a colonial power pledging to European Jews land that belongs to neither.  That Canada continues to effectively support this travesty is shameful.
You mean it wasn't a blonde blue eyed baptist yelling 'alluh akbar'   SHOCKING.  Radical Islamic Terror? Again?   (I bet by the end of day all of the ISIS apologists and sympathizers will be all over this wall defending radical Islam)  It's like Christmas everday with President Trump.
Like I've been saying, Trump is not a racist with a Jewish son in law, convert daughter and Jewish grandchildren. Along with a black friend Dr. Ben Carson. Honesty? Who is the bigger liar, Hillary or Trump? I will say Hillary.
What a wonderful and inspiring display of spontaneous outrage.  Where was the spontaneous outrage when children were being molested?  The Church of Jesus sure could have used some then.  Maybe next year there should be a Fortnight for Hypocrisy.
>>Canada is showing support to Poland, a nation that was raped by both the Nazis and the SovietsAnd where was Canada when Poland was invaded by the USSR? Canada was an ally of the Soviet Union and supported the invasion.
If a black student made a 'joke' about a holocaust victim or something jewish, no one would be commenting here - that student would be gone.
Lawyer Kim In-sook said the military penal code, which makes homosexual activity punishable by up to two years in prison, was unconstitutional because it tramples on basic human rights and dignity.  Yes, chomping on someone’s genitalia is really dignified.
How many parents abuse their kids for not following Christian values?
How is a gay couple a federally protected class? Federal protected classes include:  •Race. •Color. •Religion or creed. •National origin or ancestry. •Sex. •Age. •Physical or mental disability. •Veteran status. •Genetic information. •Citizenship.
Mark, byline has no hyphen and people are listed 'in,' not 'on.' Isn't picking flysh*t out of pepper just tons of fun!
All your generation has to do is vote, and in large numbers, for the most sympathetic leader to your cause. Harper has had his chance, so it's not him. Our country is led my those who vote.
The yobs in Charlottesville were chanting 'Jews will not replace us.'
I've yet to see one Catholic progressive here say that violence is unacceptable.   Instead, many here are saying that millions of Americans are fascists and racists, and this implies that they believe these Americans are criminals who should be defeated by any means necessary.
The average age of the victims was 10.5 for girls and 11.5 for boys.' - from the Commission's statistics as reported by the BBC  So much for the tired claim that this was mostly gay priests and their teen lovers.
How can a Twit explain any-thing?
Sarah,  Very articulate article; well written, incisive, well supported, thoughtful.   Without the usual tabloid pseudo-english and irrelevant anecdotes. Whether you agree with trans-people being in the military or not; it is just another example of Trump's M.O.: find a minority, pick on them.
Donna Trump?  News Flash:  Trump is Transgender!
Read it again Trans. Or have it translated into a language you can understand.
Would you want a citizen of the Republic of France to negotiate a trade deal with Europe on Canada's behalf? The Leader of HM Loyal Opposition has a dual loyalty.
All Canadian are created equal... some however more equal than others! Tick tick tick ... 2015.... election....ABC
It's an especially dumb move when Trump claims we are being menaced by hostile Muslim movements from outside the country to declare war on a group of fully acculturated, motivated people who support democratic norms of gubmit.
Good for our PM.  The apology is long overdue and if the Pope has any morals he will apologize and beg forgiveness for the terror and horrific abuses inflicted on innocent children by the Catholic church.
Here's the truth, Sheema Khan. There may be a God although it seems very unlikely to me. But one thing I am certain of is that, if there is, it is by grace alone that we are redeemed.
Some of what you write is not true. You can advocate, your directors can advocate your members can advocate. Individually they can go to a town meeting and speak out and mention which group they belong to.
...and trans people should be given bingo cards that have numbers that are not in the hopper. That's the way to stay happy and blessed.
BURKE - the face of Roman Catholic Fascism!
In his pre-cardinal days, Burke was an arrogant, imperious and tyrannical despot. Oh, he's sweet, smarmy and so pious, bedecked in splendor at his Tridentine recreations, but he loves power. He's running for pope as we speak. Simply put, he wants the pope dead...or at least destroyed.
You appear to have the same damn mentality that the  German people had when Hitler murdered six million Jews and Polish people; buried their heads so only their butt was sticking out.
Your comment makes sense if you ignore the mainstream Republican view of the LGBTQ community and if you dismiss the anti-transgender legislation proposed and enacted by them.
 ..how Canada's aboriginal culture actually forms the basis of many aspects of Canada's political/legal structure..'Total nonsense !
Yeah, transgenders stay up all night plotting and planning about how they're going to assault unsuspecting citizenry.  Transphobia won't be the new normal.  The US Supreme Court put that nail in homophobia and transphobia.
Science has no place in a Wente rant.
LotL has a bogus theory about the transgendered, which he presents with NOTHING to support it.
According to the left America is a racist and homophobic land where success is guaranteed if you are a white, Christian, heterosexual male but otherwise you'll slave away for starvation wages. I'm surprised these people would want to come here. I guess they haven't gotten the message yet.
It is absolutely stunning to the point of journalistic malpractice that this isn't acknowledged.  It does predate Islam and is possibly pagan in origin.  To claim it as Islamic is to do no less than categorize Islam as a cargo cult.
Tranny rights are human rights and human rights are tranny rights!  LOL. Just F kidding.
I never respond to you on principle but I must correct the notion that there is any more 'sex' at a Gay Pride than there is at Mardi Gras. Kids attend. Our prime minister attends several across the country and takes his kids. You're full of it.
Classic Zio lies. '...the caller ID made it seem as if the call was coming from our own office...' Im sure it did.   Nobody is calling Jews with bomb threats folks. Pathetic.
I'm not really sure there was a transgender policy 50 years ago. That would be 1967?
Nothing is stopping the florist from exercising her freedom of speech by putting a hugh sign in her window 'WE DON'T SERVE GAY WEDDINGS' - why doesn't she?
It seems to me  transgender is faulty wiring in the brain bordering psychosis of people that are otherwise healthy. a weirdness just like fetischism .
Talk to people in UK whose way of life is being changed. Young girls being raped. Cities being taken over by muslims with their sharia law.  Young girls sexually mutilated. Married at 6 years of age to an old pervert. Feel sick talking about these animals.
Take it from me (a bi guy who prefers men to women) not in a million years.  Like a straight guy once said, 'if gays want to get married and be miserable like the rest of us, then go for it.'  To me, that sums it up.
Shaista,  you might get less push back if you were also prepared to talk about and acknowledge the existence of radical Islamist terror, jihadists, and the role of radical clerics who manipulate and create these young terrorists.
Why fo gay guys always think they can get away with misogyny?
If we really want to honour the fallen. Give the money to veterans who are not getting it from the federal government or adds and lobbying to get the government to live up to it's responsibilities
oh perk up at least now you can use a transgendered bathroom.
True political leadership is admitting you took a bribe.
Dana, you asked whether or not these women at the SF airport would have made similar comments about veiled Muslim women. I think they would. Bigotry and prejudice knows no boundaries when it involves any person described as 'other' than one's self.
That Trump is patholigical is not news. Nor is it news that EWTN and National Catholic Register put party above sanity.  It is amazing that the Vatican is now more progressive than the Alt-Right Catholic media.
Do you know what 'transgender' means? It's not 'in between male and female', it's going from one to the other.  I see you did not address the fear and loathing towards our LGBT neighbors expressed by the society.
No. Just anti-Russian. Not anti- Jews.
Read up on the facts concerning Abuses of the Temporary Foreign Worker Program & current investigations in the Food Industry; Educate oneself to the facts instead of swallowing this half-baked Opinion G&M gaseous-fluff -- wholesale...
You're right. Some of them are Republicans. (Sorry, couldn't help it!) I was referring to the rant: 'Agirlwhoknowsherownmind To put it bluntly, the war on Christmas has been led by Jewish organizations, financed by Jewish financiers.....' The condensed version would be: 'Jesus. The Reason for the Season'
He may have attended Robert E. Lee High. He thinks it's free speech only if one can get away with yelling' Kill the Jews and Blacks'. If you yell ' Kill the Nazis and White Supremacists', that's not protected by free speech.
TO's BML should be marching in Nigeria's gay pride next year under the Boko  Haram vail where most of their leadership's birthplace originates from.
But there is evidence that Judge supported same-sex acts by self-identifying as 'gay,' as opposed to one who has same-sex attraction, which does not imply any opinion on same-sex acts.'  And your evidence to support this conclusion is what?
All fine and dandy until a wanted psychopath gets dressed up or decided he is transgender and kills someone.You should be identified by your birth name for security reasons.WHY are these mentally ill people getting preferred treatment like Black Lives Matter and left wing nuts in general?
attempt suicide or commit suicide?  I think the 43% would be the % of trans people who attempt it.
Sure, because 'very fine people' march with nazis and white supremacists carrying torches, chanting 'we will not be replaced by jews!'
Make America Gay Again'?  When were we ever a gay nation?
Really, R.D.?  So white racism doesn't exist?  Did you happen to notice that white supremacist rally in Charlottesville.  Also, if priestly sex abuse never happens, how come the Catholic Church is paying out billions of $ in settlements to victims?
MINSHALL  i think a JEW would be a better assemblyman than you !
Throw in a couple scenes of female genital mutilation and you have a ' How to Behave ' documentary for Muslim dominated countries.
Well, the whole of the CI (Catholic Institution) start from Pope F., the Vatican prelates, Bishops are weeds, it needs to be plow under.  Any one rooted in Christ will flower after the plow since nothing can destroy the one who loves God.
Not true at all they would actually be guaranteed a strong permanent voice since they always get a good 30% of support
Every member of the USCCB should be strapped to a lie detector at their next meeting and asked if they are a homosexual.
So, deny payments for the surgery if he's that upset over something that would amount to one one-hundredth of one percent of the Defense budget. But don't kick all transgender people out of the military. You're a perfect example of Trump's famous 'Fifth Avenue' quote.
And what did you cancel when Obama dropped tons of bombs on innocent Muslim civilians.....or when he invoked, by presidential order the termination of Iraqi civilian immigration?!
from the Business Insider:  A 2016 study by the Rand Corporation found the maximum annual medical costs for transgender services would be around $8.4 million. By comparison, the military spent $84 million on erectile dysfunction medications such as Viagra and Cialis in 2014, the Military Times reported.    http://www.businessinsider.com/pentagon-transgender-medical-comparison-2017-7
Yea, but is she going to toe the party line and promote transgendered, sexual dysphoria to our first graders?
Since he presumably honors his public vow of celibacy what difference would it make if he were gay?
...............celebrate the birth of the god Mithras (or the new sun).
So, what does all that have to do with transgender?
Keep in mind that medical personnel have families too. They work hard all year and want to enjoy some family time as well.
Breitbart? I bypass to snopes.  https://www.snopes.com/miguel-martinez-transgender-bathroom-controversy/
Gender neutral EH. What is the point of photo ID if does not have gender and allows transgender cross dressing.
Christianity had a reformation? When did that happen exactly? And tieing atheist to communism is pure nonsense.
Now that is persecution, not telling a farmer he is not welcome at a market because he opposes gay civil marriage for religious reasons.
Thank you, bookmark... will spread... Cheers Miles,
Need a citation that Muslim terrorists are still being allowed to enter the country. Do you mean like that girls science team from Afghanistan for whom Trump told his administration to overrule the Muslim travel ban?
You are a re-take on the movie 'I'm All Right Jack.'
Yeah, he'll put the UN in its place, just like he'll ban travel from Muslim countries and revoke Obamacare?
Give them a big Liberal hug and free heroin every day and they won't want to hurt other people
Leftist ideology gave women the vote. It also gave minorities the vote. Rightwing ideology backed segregation. It opposed gay marriage. It backed slavery.  Scheer is finished before he started.
Does that mean Jews are cannibals?
The Viagra must be why the President has a hard-on against transgender troops. Hopefully he will soon cum to his senses or reconsider his position, I mean “and reconsider his decision”.
AT: Your explanation reminds me of the excuses the 'good Germans' gave for why they didn't ask, where did the Jews disappear to?
But Trudeau is dancing pretty in Paris. Nevermind the taxes.
Oh, and if you think talk of tax cuts isn't pandering to the Toronto Sun and to the Libertarians of Lanark, you haven't been watching.
Thank you Barry. A comment from someone with actual experience and therefore credibility. I'm assuming if a female-in arms sacrificed their life or body part for you or another male colleague(s) on the field she would be respected like any other.
Show some grace Globe... I'm paying you $20/month---I think you owe and other readers the courtesy of a serious thoughtful refection on what your support has done.
Kenai assembly! Denounce your false Jewish man-god and accept Cthulhu as your dark savior! Only through Him can you escape this silly position in which you have put yourself. Repent of your godly works and your sins will be justified forevermore.
Greetings......Being a Christian I cannot really in all good conscience feel that voting for either Clinton or Trump is morally ethical. Clinton is not a  caring progressive as she says....but a Pro Choice Republican and Trump is off the charts as a greedy Narcisstic Fascist
I don't understand the 'racial component' comment.   Whites split their votes more than any other race.  Hispanics, blacks, Jews, Asians all vote more racially, and more racially cohesive, than whites to.  Why isn't this ever criticized?   A:  hypocrisy.
I can say 'Orthodox Jews'  I can also say Sharia law, burka, honor killings, Assad soldiers raping women, Isis raping women.
Hang on, let's not to be to hasty, we still have some groups, transgender for example, that need to be in cabinet, experience and know how will just have to wait.
False, they have no sees to teach in or minister to.  They are now just old Catholic guys.  Their opinions are as valid as yours and mine.
‘I assure you, as often as you did it for one of my least brothers, you did it for me.’ (Mat 25:40)   God weeps because the Catholic clergies rape him in Children!!!!!!!!!!! I can't understand how on earth clergies do not know this!
You have to remember that to Tridentinus, any Catholic who disagrees with HIM on anything is a heretic. Trid is extremely arrogant in his belief that he and only he represents orthodoxy.
What if Jesus were bisexual as a hermaphrodite?  Would that make a difference? Is being a woman less human than being a man? (St. Thomas said a woman was an 'ill-made man.'
If a pedophile is male and abuses a boy, why is he not gay?  I never have understood that.  When the lgbt want gay leaders in the boy scouts and then beat up the boy scouts when a male abuses one of the boys.
Yes...the Democrats made the neo-Nazis rally.... Just like the Jews made Hitler invade Poland.....it wasn't racial hatred...really... The Democrats made that boy run over those people and kill that girl.... The Democrats made Mr. Trump condone the behavior.... Darn Democrats...
VanMorty - that's because all your friends are on these G&M web- boards. Try talking to people and you'll see there's a lot of support for Enbridge and our energy producers generally than you'd ever guess reading this columnist.
Fanatics'?  'Lunatics who hate Christians and conservatives'?  Rather strong words to describe those who believe that personal freedoms as long as they do no harm to others should be preserved and that corporations should not have equal standing with citizens.
Agirl:  SORRY, I just can NOT accept the Catholic organization because of their Raping  Priests.  Look at the Magnitude of Mental Anguish that they INFLICT on their Victims, and these Victims are messed up the rest of their lives.  Same with the Boy Scoundrel Scouts.........
Ya sure but does he renounce Allah and Muslims now who want your neck ? Can you get that he wanted to kill you and  does he now according to the Quran?
You mean 'The Sociopathic Business Party'.But religion is just one of their crowd control techniques.
 Muslims are being harassed and assaulted in the streets. '  Source?
We hope Lazeelink that the 4 people are literate enough to "get" her message even if it's entirely out of place this Canada Day :) Maybe those four will tip you better too when they return for a visit!
Last time I checked diabetes was an illness. Are you suggesting that transgenderism is also an illness?
What a perfectly 'christian' thing to do ... more of the SAME Fear and Loathing from 'christian' Republicans.
I'm sure all the Good Christian people of Alabama will be clutching their pearls in Outrage over Dump's use of foul un-Jesusy language.  Whatever Will We Tell The Children
No Catholic is obliged to answer a call to violence even if uttered by one of the Church’s bishops.
Well said as usual... simple compassion what a concept...
Trump announces ban on transgender people serving in U.S. military'  How is that biased?
The new law, which ludicrously requires transgender people to use the restroom consistent with the sex on their birth certificates,'  Yeah, how dare we ask people to use the bathroom that fits their sex !!  How 'ludicrous' !
If that was the case every one would claim they were a conscientious objector and get a draft deferral. And since that didn't happen it wouldn't happen to claim you were 'transgender' and get a deferral either.
Do notice the assumption of gender differences.  How will this article read after a decade of same-sex marriage?  Oh, to heck with natural law.  We are too smart for our own good.
The holohoax (sic) didn't happen, but the holocaust, in which the NAZI's gassed, starved and shot 6 million Jews did indeed happen. You can admit this irrefutable truth and still be proud of your German heritage, Mr. Groth.
By comparing Trump to Hitler, you cheapen the death of 6 million Jews/5 million non Jews.
If Cosby was Muslim the comments would be closed   ;)
To R W Ranked ballot - second choice do you think Conservatives and NDP are so dumb as to give Second Choice to the Liberals Strategic voting they will give Second choice to smaller parties like Green etc ABL = anybody buy Liberals
I didn't know Donald Trump is transgendered!
Great work on the part of the Arcy MP! Great timing! I'm thrilled to know that our law enforcement officers support Adolph Harper's overthrow of what I once thought was an ideal country. The ideologues have us!
I agree that he probably didn't mean it as it sounded, but it definitely sounded as though he meant that guns would solve the problem.
Only until he got elected.
Ronster People are strongly affected by propaganda. Germans became killers of Jews through propaganda. Canadians have become killers of Canadians through propaganda.
The Evangelicals hang on to Trump and Playboy disowns him.  That about says it for the Christian integrity of this current group of Evangelical political prostitutes.
What does that have to do with transgender people in the military?
moon howler missed the Globe's mini-article yesterday, in which it listed its own record of endorsing Conservatives at election times: 9 times out of 12 elections in the last 40 years, including 2011. That's some 'Liberal bias.'
Given that their father assisted a lunatic who baked Jews in gas chambers, I would guess not.  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/koch-refinery-nazis_us_569e9870e4b00f3e9863266c  https://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/12/us/politics/father-of-koch-brothers-helped-build-nazi-oil-refinery-book-says.html?_r=0  Not sure what about the above two facts is funny, but it appears that G&M threads are populated by a fair few sociopaths.  Wag the dog.
People like you.....'  So easy to tell the racists and sexists So what proof do you have that it was a 'transgender' that caused both ship accidents?
No, Tridentinus.  I come here for reasonable discussion of the issues both ecclesiastic and non-eclessiastic.   If your idea for a reasonable discussion is that someone has to leave the Catholic Church if they don't agree with you, then you are a troll.
Since the apostles were all Jews, then gentiles cannot be ordained. That is EXACTLY the same argument as the one about the apostles being all men, therefore women cannot be ordained.
Simply, why would the Liberals tie themselves to a sinking (NDBBQ) ship? The Liberals have far more upside, and the NDBBQ has only downside....come the next election..
Young and bright....' are there no older homosexuals?
The Chinese LOVE using the words co-operation and mutual trust. Believe me, I've done business with these folks and the co-operation and mutual trust only go one way. YOU co-operate and trust them, they will never extend the same courtesy to you.
70,000 years'? How do you depict a transgender person with a cave drawing?
Aspirin came from plants until it was isolated and put into medicinal form. What's your point? Digitalis is also deadly, hence the benefits from isolating it and controlling it purity, dosage, and usage.
Nor is it okay for anyone to use the term ?you guys? (sexist).'Never mind the real world where groups of only women will use it in reference to each other.
Hmm..my remark was certainly not uncivil.    But I'll change it just a bit.  Using your logic then...no one gets to make that accusation unless one is homosexual? So...what does that mean about those who make the allegations?  That they must be homosexual?
Can you find the actual quotation, please? Because it was, in fact, an Israeli Prime Minister -- Itzhak Rabin -- who was assassinated by a Jewish-Israeli extremist for signing an agreement with the Palestinians.
Who exactly are 'these people' that you speak of?  Do you mean all Muslims?  If so, then stop hiding and come right out with your bigoted, ignorant and baseless views.
like the nazis: those that were considered 'lesser than' the ideal. in their case Jews, Roma, Africans, and Slavs, the mentally retarded, the imperfect. we can add the old, the sick, with socialized medicine.
The Church shouldn't be ordaining anyone; that only confirms and feeds the clerical culture. Lay people -  female, male, trans, whoever -  should be empowered to preside at Mass. What makes an 'ordained' person any more worthy than anyone else?
For anyone who wants to help the transgender community fight intolerance, here's a GoFundMe campaign for an awesome nonprofit fighting the good fight:  https://www.gofundme.com/help-save-gender-justice-nevada
Deviance at its best means abnormal. At its worst means sexually perverted and compulsive. Not words to use when talking about transgender people.  Delusion is thinking there are only straight boys and straight girls and anything else is somehow abnormal or 'less than'.
When Obama was in office, only 30% of white evangelicals would forgive a president's immoral behavior.   Now it's 72%.   https://t.co/c6FlHbziMi
Leadership, PMZ, Ohhhh hahahahah..
Jocabe...... it is about having a qualified leader for the opposition. He is dangerous having no resume for the job. Garneau was so accomplished and probably brilliant and the Liberals rejected him over pretty boy Justin with the name.
Good grief, the thing has found an opening for its drool.
I would believe that he is against it. I am hoping that he will deal with it and that many, many bishops and priests will be asked to leave (or retire) and then I hope that they are arrested and tried and jailed. Let's watch him. Let's pray for him.
Of course I wouldn't, but it wouldn't be because of transgender people; it would be because of a possible priest in there.
Didn't Trudeau wag his finger and scold China,  Japan and Korea about how few women and transgendered persons are in the boardrooms of their national industries ?
Respect for people, not for ideologies.
sylvia, All the Palestinians and Arabs had to do was not attacking Israel. Now the Jew-haters continue their terrorist tactics instead of negotiating. A topsy-turvy world, too difficult to research an issue when you can just ignore reality. Ever wonder how trump got in?
True sign of a cowardly bully is picking on weaker states while oozing out of office and never standing up to ISIS,terrorism,Communist China, and real issues.....bye... bye.... 'obummer'....Muslim plant,5th columnist,and worst President in U.S. history!
Bill C-51 threatens the rights of all Canadians, period.
Catholic Social Services and City Government created cesspool.
Bannon will go to war with people in Trump's circle that he sees as Globalists...and Jews. Get ready for a vicious cat fight on the right...grab the popcorn and watch the fur fly!
Danica Roem, elected to Virginia’s House of Delegates, became Virginia’s first openly transgender elected official . . . '  The right and proper response from a society that deems itself gender identity enlightened is 'Yeah, yeah, nice.  Is 'Pawn Stars' new or a rerun tonight?'
The media, the Liberal party, and the Canadian public 'suddenly discovered compassion', in Trudeau's words, after seeing the boy's picture. Of course there is no limit until their sin is redeemed.
Well that settles it. All those scientists are wrong and HTexmes knows the truth. Thanks for letting us know. Perhaps you could have spoken up sooner and saved us a lot of angst, but at least now we know that there's nothing to this CO2 thing.
Some aside...you tell such outrageous lies and now it's, 'jews by some estimates killed more germans than germans killed jews.'. I find your posts to be mostly phony BS but this one is simply disgusting. 'Have you no decency, sir?'  Two words - The Holocaust.
I seriously doubt that gay refugees are interested in that, given that they are fleeing anti-gay religions and cultures. Andrew --------------- what are these  anti-gay religions they are fleeing? Do these anti gay religions not also exist in Canada?
How is this any different from the Kentucky clerk who refused to issue marriage licenses to gay couples?  If your religious beliefs are so against the gay community, then you had better not get a job or into a profession that is obligated to serve ALL people.
BROohthor  As Christians, are we are not called to stand opposed to ALL (euthanasia) of what is going on with this.  kevin your brother In Christ
To imagine that the action of Baird and Harper had on recent events in Iran is quite delusional..
And making sure there's plenty of tranny solders and they can be assigned to the new Space Cadet Corps where they can be called Star Ship Trannies.
The Germans are going to love that.
Can we stop calling it a 'Muslim ban'?'  No.
C'mon, Wente! If these privileged no name celebs weren't sticking their nose in others' business, what would they do with all that dead air time?
Tri, don't use their language.  'Homophobia' ostensibly implies a fear or persecution of a person; whereas those who are concerned with those who self-identify as 'gay' do not fear or persecute the person.
You make two good points. but neither excuse the fact that :  many  Ukrainians  helped the Nazi's kill Jews, and  the  Kremlin choreographed secession of the Crimea was ultra vires   and simple state thuggery
what would he be bragging about?! People brag about accomplishments.  What kind of sick and deranged human being would brag about kiling her? Be proud of killing a Catholic priest child molester Be proud of killing Ted Bundy.  But her?
Lol, i love when people talk like this, not raging at you gary, but. It shows how ignorant you are. You can't just become transgender. There is soooo much you have to do, and prove. Years, even decades can pass before everything is done.
Considering a govt can get elected with only 39% of the popular vote eliminating the views of 20% of the population is just stupid.  Transgendered people represent less than 1% of the population so from your comment they can be ignored as well.
Being a Mob Boss is one thing, ordering the murder, extortion, prostitution, money laundering, drug dealing, et'c are sins.  Being a homosexual man or woman is not a sin.
Maybe if the Democrats would stop pandering to every identifiable special interest group they would have a chance to be seen as serious people. When your message is aimed mostly at people who care about transgender bathroom access and microagressions, you are going to lose more than you gain.
I think a lot of so called Christians missed those verses.  They are more into the prosperity gospel.
I correct myself... In other worlds, all people (not all Muslims) must follow their divine leaders teachings that say: join them or die!
A bureaucrat's job is to advise, it is up to the politicians to make the decision.
One yearns for a time when Canada as a nation can concentrate on what we can achieve together, all of us working towards a future where we have one equal citizenship for all.
Stephen ? Which are you ? a proud Homophobe ? Xenophobe ? Racist ? Or another closeted gay Republican ?  wear it loud and proud, get a big ' L' tattooed on your forehead.
50 years? It has been 65 years since the european invaders seized Palestine. Put an end to the Nakba and unite Palestine from the Jordan River to the Mediteranean Sea! Put and end to the zionist scourge!
The prime minister (much less the cabinet) can not be elected directly because ours is a responsible government system. You'd have to change the constitution absolutely entirely if you wanted presidential-style elections.
Surprisingly there is mention of any dialogue about US access to Canada's transgender washrooms.
I would like to attend a gay, white supremacist wedding, just out of curiosity.'  So..you think it's impossible for a homosexual to be racist? You don't get out much..do you? The Little Guy
Check ignition ....and may God's love be with you
Well now that oil prices are down, he should probably just prorogue parliament. The Christmas break can't come soon enough, eh Harpo?!
After January 20th, Muslims will become (to use your favourite term) untouchables in the US. Not allowed to use schools, airports, hotels, restaurants along with their white counterparts.   Kind of like African Americans had to go through segregation. Bet you support that too!
Headline.............'Konrad should show a little understanding of reality!'
maybe.  this is a continuation of a robo call to Jewish centres throughout North America.  Not sure why but I would suggest Trump has unleashed the worst in people.
threatening a person and name calling are substantively different. while both are uncivil only one is criminal
Tell that to the Ukrainian Catholics and the other Eastern Catholic churches that do not use Latin and never have.
How nice of Wohlforth and the Dispatch----they allow us to comment on this story , but to heck with what we think concerning his gay issue story .  Wohlforth and the Dispatch are against and ban free speech when matters dear to their heart are written about.
Knowing Donald Trump, he will ban Muslims from carrying laptops onto US-bound planes...
Oh, I see, Alexvega... so, In other words, guilty until proven innocent, hmm? Yup... quite simple. Except that our justice system works on the reverse premise. Next...
Khadr is a real Canadian Hero after undergoing torture at the hands of the Civilized Americans and spending years of illegal incarceration at their offshore Black Hole prison in Cuba.
Think if Justin trudeau was PM he would make the rounds of all the Arab states ring kissing.
Vatican II was supposed to 'fix' the product and the Church went from good to bad.
Slanderous comment from The Great Malumba.
I'm not referring to the CBC as an entity but what it accomplish in connecting us as an nation.
She has the same right as every other person writing editorials in this paper.  Why would she have any less right becuase she happens to be a Muslim?    You probably also believe that women belong in the kitchen, you misogynist bigot.
What's weird is the must be gay accusation only plays to right wingers.
What, you think guys with effeminate characteristics like Martin and other gay men are new in society?
You might recall that six men were shot to death recently while at prayer in a mosque because they were Muslim.
Who is this evil Catholic woman enterpreneur who does  not pay her workers properly? Can we name some names?
I include you Elaine in my nightly prayers, I pray that everyone of your Grandchildren is healthy, happy and gay.
Oh please. This story is over 70 years old.  What about a write up on at least one Jew saving an Arab from their own government's continual holocaust of Palestinians happening today? No, never in the G&M.
Oh yes it can!  Bishops do it all the time!  The surest way to suppress dogma is to EGNORE it, as the hierarchy has long been doing in reference to the Catholic clergy sex abuse crisis.  Did they skip Catholicism 101, or what?
What is your source for this statement since there are many examples of abuse of females, Marie being a prime example? Since bishops and cardinals used to be priests, how many are gay? A Goggle search will show many of them have offended against both male and female children.
Dump the monarchy, elect a president (keep calling him GG if you wish) and give that president-GG power and authority to protect parliament from government and PMO abuses. Oh, and dump the senmate.
The Jewish circumcision of male infants could be called 'barbaric'. And we're ashamed of the time we didn't welcome them here.
No, I am not a sore/poor loser.  I think this so-called genital grabbing president has expressed bigoted views, backed people like Bannon, who hates Jews, and is a Putin lover.  Instead of being a unifying this country he is dividing it even more.
Yes - Canada is based on the fundamental principle of good government.
allow Military-grade assault weapons to be sold to anyone who isn't a Muslim or a known criminal?'   Specifically what 'military-grade assault weapons' are you referring to?  Not recalling any of that involved in recent situations.
True, but those who incite violence at 'rallies' do self-identify as both 'republican' and 'Christian.'  They did vote for Trump, and he did thank them.
Tell that to the Ethiopian Sephardic Jews
For an alternate view on 'generosity' toward refugees, see: http://montrealgazette.com/news/national/opinion-canada-can-and-should-do-better-on-syrian-refugees
I'm holding out for the Transgender doll with mix and match body parts.
First you crazy Jesus freaks tell us everything on the Earth 'God' made.  Then, you claim that his, 'son' Jesus doesn't want us to use it?  Make up your mind, Ned Flanders.  'Let it grow...let it grow...greatly yield'!
Geez, a shame your school wasn't interested in teaching you how to read. Try re-reading it with both hands on top of your desk, westelca21.
Yes and these 'non-white' Catholics, as the race obsessed  are constantly drawing our attention to, bring their own prejudices and problems.  What's your point?
We all know your views on gay men.  Though I have to wonder, how does the life choices(which it's not a choice) of gay men effect you.  Are you at risk for HIV infection from either a gay man, or injection drugs?
